ZIFF DAVIS , INC. PRIVACY POLICY Ziff Davis , Inc . Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy describes what information Ziff Davis and certain third parties gather , how we collect it , our information sharing practices , how users may change the way their information is collected and more . Part 1- ' Personal Information ' Personal Information generally means information which might reasonably be used to specifically identify you and may include information such as your name , address , age , credit card details , email and phone number . We collect such personal information when you provide it to us , such as when you : Subscribe to the PC Magazine Digital Edition Register with any of our Ziff Davis B2B sites including Toolbox.com Purchase software license or a product Sign up for email newsletters or white papers Enter a sweepstakes Register for site membership including My IGN Participate in surveys Create a profile or Otherwise communicate with us . Several of the services that we offer require registration as a condition of use . We may also receive personal information about you from other sources and add it to the information you have provided to us . Please note that Ziff Davis is not responsible for the information you volunteer about yourself in the discussions in our forums , blogs , wikis , chat rooms , or other publicly accessible interaction , or information that you choose to make public in your member profile or other areas that allow users to upload or post content . We discourage users from posting personally identifiable information in this fashion , and any personally identifiable information you post to these areas is not covered by this Policy . You can change your publicly available information at any time via your profile page . Part 2- Other Information We Collect : Web Beacons are electronic files that allow a web site to count users who have visited that page or to access certain cookies . When you receive email messages or newsletters from us , we may use web beacons , customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the e-mail has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you more focused e-mail communications or other information . Cookies are small text files that are placed on your hard disk by a Web page server . Cookies contain information that can later be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you . Cookies can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer . Like many other web sites , Ziff Davis sites use cookies to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience . We may use a cookie to identify members so they do not have to re-enter a user ID and password when they wish to download a utility , post to a discussion , or sign into an account . As another example , cookies can be used to control the number of times you see advertisements , like pop-ups . By allowing us to better understand how users interact with the site over time , cookies can also help us improve your experience and deliver more relevant content to you . Cookies may be created directly by our sites for these purposes , or by third-party companies operating on our behalf . Pixel Tags , also known as clear gifs , beacons , spotlight tags or web bugs , are a method for passing information from the user 's computer to a third party Web site . Used in conjunction with cookies , Ziff Davis may use pixel tags to improve our understanding of site traffic , visitor behavior , and response to promotional campaigns . Pixel tags are also used as a supplement to our server logs and other methods of traffic and response measurement , and are sometimes used in conjunction with small Javascript-based applications . We may also implement pixel tags provided by other companies for the same purpose . We use clear gifs in our HTML based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients . You need not have cookies turned on to visit all of our sites , though cookies may be required in order for you to participate in certain areas . If you choose to become a member of certain Ziff Davis websites , you must have cookies enabled to access any member related pages ( i.e. , Discussion Boards , Member Profile pages , Search for a Member ) . IP Addresses are a unique string of numbers that identifies each computer attached to the Internet . We use IP Addresses to analyze trends , administer our web sites , track users ' movement , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use . IP addresses that we collect are sometimes linked to personally identifiable information . We use registration and email addresses that you provide together with IP Addresses and other information we collect as described in this policy , to understand our customer base and to market services and products to our customers . Third Parties . To improve the quality of the some of our services , we may supplement the information we collect with information from third parties . For example , if you access My IGN ( my.ign.com ) or IGN content through third party services ( such as Roku or Hulu ) through a third-party connection or log-in , we may also collect your user ID and/or user name associated with that third-party service , or any information you have made public in connection with that service or which the third party shares with us . Statistical Reports and Mailing Lists The aggregate statistics that describe our online audience , which are often based on the information you provide when you subscribe , register , or browse our sites , help us sell advertising and otherwise publicize Ziff Davis and our brands . In addition , we make certain information such as the name of our users , their mailing address , phone number , email addresses , and - in certain circumstances - their employer 's name , company size and other industry data available on a rental or other basis ( e.g. sale ) to third party providers of goods and services . To learn how you can make choices about how this information is used or shared , please visit the How You Can Change or Control What is Collected section below . Email Deployment , Data Analysis E-Commerce and Other Services We provide customer lists , email addresses and other information to third party companies and contractors who provide us with specialized services , such as email message deployment , merge-purge ( identifying and removing duplicate addresses ) , subscription fulfillment , and customer support and service , research , statistical analysis , data and website hosting and other data and transaction processing . These companies work on our behalf and we do not provide our lists or other data to them for their own , permanent use . Those service providers will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service . They should also maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose . Please note that we engage third party service providers for the purpose of processing sales of subscriptions , to fulfill your orders for product purchases , to honor your request to be removed from promotional mailings , or other services . These service providers have access to or are provided with certain personal information ( including credit card information ) in order to provide us with the applicable service . Webcasts At times we produce and host sponsored webcasts for a variety of companies ( " Sponsors " ) . Data collected during the registration process and the actual event may be shared with those Sponsors and others , and is governed by our policy and the third party 's privacy policy and may be used by us and the Sponsor for follow-up purposes . Contests/Sweepstakes Data collected during the registration for contests and sweepstakes is used by us and may be shared with sponsors . Please read the contest rules carefully before you submit your data . Co-Branded Sites and Services When you use a co-branded service ( a service operated with a service or site partner of Ziff Davis ) , or register or otherwise provide information on a co-branded site , you grant us permission to pass the information collected back to that service or site partner . Use of your information by such partners is subject to their privacy policies as well as ours . White Papers/Other Sponsored Downloads Ziff Davis hosts product listings and offers informational downloads for a variety of third party vendors . When registration is required in order to receive or view the download , some or all data collected during product registration and/or Ziff Davis web site registration may be shared with the vendor ( and other third parties ) . Ecommerce When shopping on certain of our sites or pages , users may need to provide personally identifiable information necessary to fulfill an online order , including name , billing address , shipping address , telephone number , email address , credit card number ( with expiration date ) , and any of the above information needed to send a package to a gift recipient . If a user creates an account , the credit card information above will not be stored under their account . When placing an order , credit card information may be either temporarily stored on a Ziff Davis server and then immediately transferred to a secure server of a PCI compliant third party or will be immediately entered onto a secure server of a PCI compliant third party . We partner with a number of third parties to process and fulfill orders , send transactional emails , and ensure delivery of downloads and packages . While these third parties may have access to personal information in order to perform their duties , they are not permitted to use it for other purposes . Online Ad Serving . Ziff Davis and some of our advertisers use third-party advertising service companies to serve advertisements when you visit our sites . Often , these third-party advertising companies employ cookie , pixel tag and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of Web and e-mail advertisement and to create a record of interaction with our site content that they use in conjunction with their advertising which appears on other sites , or for reporting web site traffic , statistics , advertisement data and/or other activities on our sites . We will also engage third party providers to assist with the segmentation of this data . The specific providers we use are subject to change . As of the date of the posting of this policy , some of the current providers include DoubleClick , Omniture SiteCatalyst , comScore , and Google Analytics ( for information about how to opt out of tracking methods for these entities and others click here ) . Personal Information . How we use personal information is described in the Section What We Provide to Third Parties . Emails . We use email addresses to send offers of services or products ( and as set forth in the Section What We Provide to Third Parties ) . Any recipient will be able to unsubscribe from receiving these emails . Other Information : Ad Serving and Ziff Davis . At times we display ads both on our network of owned and operated web sites and on non-Ziff Davis web sites . When you visit one of our web sites or view ads that we serve off of our network elsewhere on the Internet , you may see multiple kinds of ads , such as text ads next to search results and graphical ads shown on web pages . Sometimes these ads are based on the content of the page on which they appear . Other times these ads are generated by matching the ad to your interests as inferred from your browsing activities collected online . Either way , Ziff Davis tries to show you relevant ads , and to do so , we may use information we know or receive about you like your gender , location or interests . Interest-based Ads : We use cookies , Javascript , pixel tags and other technology to collect information about your visit ( " Online Data " ) to our sites and other third party partner websites that we do not own or operate but with whom we have agreements . We analyze what pages you visit on our sites and the third party sites , what products or services you view , and whether you view or click on ads that are shown to you . We use this information to send you interest based ads . All such data is also collected anonymously , and is aggregated with other data we collect and/or similar data collected by partners to create segments , groups of users and certain general interest categories or segments that we have inferred based on ( a ) demographic or interest data , and a general geographic location derived from your IP address , ( b ) the pages you view and links you click when using our sites and services and those of our partners , and/or ( c ) the search terms you enter when using certain search services . We use this information to get a more accurate picture of audience interests in order to serve ads we believe are more relevant to your interests . We store page views , clicks and search terms used for ad personalization targeting separately from your contact information or other data that directly identifies you ( such as your name , e-mail address ) which we obtained as described above under Personal Information and in some situations we combine the two sets of data . We will engage third party providers to assist with the collection , storage and segmentation of this Online Data ; and the providers are required to maintain the confidentiality of this information . These efforts do not result in the collection of personally identifiable information such as name or address ; and we do not intentionally collect data that we consider to be sensitive such as health or medical information . This data is not sold or transferred to any third party . Except as may be set forth elsewhere in this policy , this Online Data is retained for not more than 180 days after which it shall expire except in certain situations when the same user subsequently visits one of our sites or a partner 's site in which event the 180 day period will commence again . To allow other users to find you . In order to locate My IGN Members that a user may already know in the physical world and/or want to get to know in the online world , we allows users to search for members using information the user already knows , such as username , full name , or gamer profile , and identifies users matching that search information . Cookies . Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but allow you to modify security settings so you can approve or reject cookies on a case-by-case basis . You may stop or restrict cookies on your computer or purge them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences . If you would prefer that we not collect anonymous data that may be used to help determine which advertisements to serve you , opt out by clicking this icon AdChoices However , if you ' turn off ' , purge or disable cookies , although you may still use our websites , you may not be able to use all of the features , functions or services available on our websites . Please click here to learn more about the use of cookies , your opt out choices , and more . Ziff Davis supports the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising of the Digital Advertising Alliance ( for more information click here ) , and has Evidon Inc. 's assurance platform to comply with these Principles . As part of this service , online ads that we place using behavioral data we collect are expected to be delivered with the Advertising Option Icon ( also referred to as the Forward i ) or similar icon that helps consumers understand how their data is being used and provides choices for consumers who want more control . Online advertisements on our sites targeted to you based on previously collected online data about you by third parties should also have the Advertising Option Icon . This icon is also at the bottom of each of our web pages . The Advertising Option icon provides information ( and links to other information ) on online behavioral ads , who is collecting and using your online data , how you can opt out and more . Pixel Tags . You can disable pixel tags by changing your browser settings to omit images and disable Javascript ; or there are commercial software packages available that can omit pixel tags and most advertisements . Updating Your Registration Information . You can correct or change the information collected during site registration at any time at the profile page links shown below or by sending email to the addresses shown below . Please allow five to ten business days for corrections or changes to be publicly displayed or implemented throughout our systems . Your Newsletter Subscriptions . You can opt-in to newsletter mailing lists , or remove yourself at any time through the newsletter subscription management page ( this page will display all of your newsletter subscriptions ) or by following the instructions at the end of the newsletters you receive . Please allow five to ten business days for changes to take effect . Your Subscription Information . You can correct or change your PC Magazine Digital Edition subscription information and your preferences as to our ability to provide your information to third parties for their own marketing purposes click here . Please allow two to four weeks for changes to take effect ( if you are a new subscriber , your information may not be immediately available at this URL - please allow up to four weeks from placing your subscription order for processing ) . You can correct or change your Toolbox.com subscriptions and preferences using the account settings here . Please note member service-related communications are an integral part of the Toolbox.com service to which you subscribe and you will continue to receive these emails as part of the Toolbox.com service . Stop Sharing of Lists . Many customers appreciate the offerings they receive from the third party providers of goods and services to whom we provide lists of our customers , but here is what to do if you no longer wish for us to share this information with such providers : If you are a registered user of our sites , you can change your preferences via the following profile page links : IGN ; PCMag.com and the PCMag.com Utility Library ; LogicBuy.com and Smart Device Central ; one of the Ziff Davis B2B Focus sites ; and for a Toolbox.com site , or send an email to ZDLegal1 @ ziffdavis.com and include ' Privacy Policy ' in the subject line . If you provided your contact information to PCMag.com in order to download a white paper , case study or other document provided by a Ziff Davis advertiser or to enter a PCMag.com contest sponsored by a Ziff Davis advertiser , please send an email with your preference request changes to : ZDLegal1 @ ziffdavis.com and include ' Privacy Policy ' in the subject line . Please allow up to ten business days for any changes to be implemented throughout our systems . Change of Ownership of Ziff Davis . Some or all personal information maintained by Ziff Davis may be subject to transfer to another company in the event of a change of ownership of Ziff Davis or sale of any part of Ziff Davis . Security . We believe we use reasonable precautions to keep the personal information you disclose to our websites secure and to only release this information to third parties that share our commitment to privacy . However , we can not guarantee there will not be a breach and we are not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of any third parties . Children . Ziff Davis web sites are not intended for use by children , especially those under 13 . No one under age 13 should provide any personal information or use our public discussion areas , forums , and chats . Minors under the age of 18 are prohibited from making purchases on our sites . If , notwithstanding these prohibitions , your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas , consequences may occur that are not intended for children ( e.g. , they may receive unsolicited messages from other parties ) . Links to Other Sites . Ziff Davis web site may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different from ours . We do not have control over the information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties . You should consult the privacy policy of these other sites to learn how your privacy is protected . Compliance with Law and Other Terms . Subject to applicable law , we reserve the right to release information concerning any user of our sites or services when we have grounds to believe that the user is in violation of our Terms of Use or other published guidelines or engages in ( or we have grounds to believe is engaging in ) any illegal activity , and to release information in response to court and governmental orders , other enforceable requests from government entities , civil subpoenas , discovery requests and otherwise as required by law . We also may release information about users when we believe in good faith that such release is required to protect the rights , property , safety or security of Ziff Davis , any of our users or the public , or to respond to an emergency . International . Ziff Davis operates websites hosted in the United States and , depending on your country of residence , the submission of personally identifiable information to our sites may involve some transfer of personal information to the United States . You understand and consent to having any personal information you provide transferred to and processed in the United States . You should be aware that privacy laws in the United States may not provide protections equivalent to those of your country of residence . Please visit our Terms of Use page for more information concerning your use of Ziff Davis websites and other services . The Terms of Use are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy . Changes to the Privacy Policy We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time , and all changes will be effective at the time we post them . If we believe there is a significant change , we may indicate on our sites that our Privacy Policy has changed . The then-posted version of the Privacy Policy supersedes all prior versions . Your continued access to or use of any of our sites shall be deemed your acceptance of the Privacy Policy . We urge you to come back to this web page and review this Privacy Policy regularly so that you remain aware of the terms and conditions that apply to you . Questions ? If you have any questions on our Privacy Policy , you can contact us at ZDLegal1 @ ziffdavis.com ; be sure to include Privacy Policy in the subject line . 
Publishers Clearing House Privacy Policy Last Updated : October 25 , 2013 At Publishers Clearing House we take your privacy seriously , which is why we developed this privacy policy to explain our online information collection and use practices . Unless otherwise noted , the information and descriptions in this online Privacy Policy are limited strictly to online transactions and do not apply to the off line privacy , data collection and data transfer policies of Publishers Clearing House . Publishers Clearing House has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software . The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Web site . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us at privacychoices @ pchmail.com This e-mail address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . We may occasionally change the features and content found on this site . Consequently , our privacy policy may be modified to reflect any revisions to the site . We suggest you revisit our privacy policy from time to time to be sure that you are familiar with our practices . ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY By completing and submitting a registration and entry form at pch.com , you signify your agreement to the pch.com privacy policy . If you do not accept this privacy policy , please do not use the pch.com site . We reserve the right , at our discretion to change , modify , add or remove portions of this privacy policy . You should check this page periodically for any changes and to insure you are familiar with our practices . If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , by e-mail , or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective . This policy and all of our legal obligations under this policy are subject to the laws of New York and the USA regardless of the location of the user . Policy last updated : June 5 , 2009 . 1 . Why does pch.com collect personal information ? 2 . How and what information does pch.com gather or track ? 3 . What are Cookies and Pixels ? 4 . Does pch.com disclose user information to third parties ? 5 . Can I opt-out of pch.com 's data collection and/or distribution ? 6 . What about external web sites ? 7 . Does pch.com allow users access to their information for review and updating ? 8 . What does pch.com do to keep their site secure ? 9 . Does pch.com collect information from users outside of the United States ? 10 . Does pch.com collect personal information from children ? 11 . Your California Privacy Rights 12 . What about Publishers Clearing House 's off-line information and privacy practices ? 13 . U.S. - EU Safe Harbor Framework Compliance 14 . Further Questions ? We need to collect certain personal information from our visitors primarily to process and fulfill online sweepstakes entries and online orders for the products and services we offer . For example , we need your full name , e-mail address and date of birth to verify eligibility and enter you in the sweepstakes , notify you if you 've won a prize , to process and record coupon request and redemption activity and to send you any magazine subscription or product you may purchase . We may also use the personal data we collect for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes , and to report aggregate information to our marketing partners and others . Why does PCH collect information from a user 's device ? We need to collect certain device information so that we may ensure that you are being served the correct version of the app , so we are able to notify you that you have won a contest , so that we may determine which user has downloaded the application , users are then given a chance to win contests . We will collect the following information from a user 's device Android Device ID , Operating System Version , Flash Version , Browser Type , Service Provider , Mobile Device Model , Screen Resolution , Language , Country , City , and Mobile input selector ( touch screen , etc. )  To provide our users with a more personalized and relevant web service , we also collect and use personal data to identify users ' specific interests and needs . If given permission , we may notify our users of offers and information we feel may be of interest to them available from pch.com and our marketing partners . If given permission , we may also share information with select marketing partners who may directly contact our users regarding their own offers of interest . If you do not want to receive such offers you may follow the simple unsubscribe procedure located at the permission notice box appearing on the pch.com registration and entry page . Our online registration and entry page contains a clearly identified checked box indicating that by submitting the form you wish to receive offers from pch.com and our marketing partners . Users may unsubscribe from such offers by clicking to remove the check in the permission notice box before submitting the registration and entry form . We may share our unsubscribe list with select marketing partners for the sole purpose of insuring that individuals on this list do not receive electronic commercial mail messages containing Publishers Clearing House advertisements that may be sent by such partners . We send entrants a confirmation e-mail when they register for our sweepstakes or complete other transactions at our site . These confirmation e-mails are not promotional in nature and the user may not opt-out of receiving these transactional e-mails . If you are currently receiving commercial e-mail messages from Publishers Clearing House after previously providing permission and no longer wish to receive such offers you may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link or the " EZ Unsubscribe " seal in any commercial e-mail from pch.com . You may also contact pch.com either through our " Ask Us " page in the Info Center section of pch.com or by writing directly to Christopher L. Irving, , Consumer & Privacy Affairs , pch.com , 382 Channel Drive , Port Washington , New York , 11050 . We send our PCH VIP mobile application users push notifications , to inform them of new drawings and alert them of third party offers that may be of interest to them . If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications , you may do so by turning this feature off at the device level . We collect your location based information for the purpose of locating a place that you may be searching for in your area or alerting you to a special event in your area . We will only share this information with our mapping provider for the sole purpose of providing you the service . If you no longer wish to allow to use this information you may turn it off at the device level . From time to time , we post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personal information such as the customer 's name . We do obtain the customer 's consent prior to posting these testimonials . If you use our blog on this web site or participate in chat rooms on this site , you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of this forum , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages . We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in this forum . To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum , contact us at privacychoices @ pchmail.com This e-mail address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it . . In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why . When you order gift subscriptions on our site , we will ask you for your friend or family 's contact information including name , mailing address and e-mail address . We will use this information only for the purpose that it was collected ( i.e. to fulfill the gift subscription ) . When you utilize the share feature located within our mobile application we will ask for your friend 's email address . We will use this information to send them a one-time email inviting them to visit and download the application . We collect personal data from our users mainly during the initial registration process for sweepstakes entry and order processing . Although some of the personal identifying information is necessary to deliver these services ( e.g. , an address is required to buy goods and services from pch.com ) , in some cases some of the information is optional . Users can determine to some extent what information they wish to submit . In addition to the initial registration process , we may , from time to time , ask users to answer optional questions about products and services . We gather this data in order to better understand our users ' interests and provide them with relevant offers and information . Through the use of " cookies " and " pixel tags " ( both described below ) and online survey and registration forms , we may collect personal data on , among other things , the following information : Demographic : age , gender , income level Technical : IP address , domain name , e-mail address , site traffic Reference : name , land address , telephone number , password The website that referred you to us . The web pages you viewed on our site The advertisements you viewed and clicked on at our site . Coupon activity including the types of coupons that you choose . When you access PCH offered applications at social media sites like Facebook you allow us to access certain information from your profile at those sites . For example , when you access a game or application using the Facebook Platform , Facebook will usually provide the application your User ID , as well your friends ' User IDs ( or your friend list ) . The information you allow us to access is affected by the privacy settings you have established at the social media site . You can control and find out more about these settings at Facebook at . http : //www.facebook.com/settings/ ?tab=privacy . Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site . These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly . Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site . Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it . Additionally , if you download and install the coupon printing software we collect information about that device that helps us manage our products and services and detect and prevent coupon fraud . Instructions on uninstalling our coupon printer software are available at http : //www.couponsinc.com/corp/source/u_uninstall.asp " Cookies " are small pieces of information that are stored by your web browser software on your computer 's hard drive or temporarily in your computer 's memory . The use of cookies is now an industry standard , and users will find them on most major web sites , pch.com may place and store Internet cookies on a user 's hard drive . Cookies can save any of the types of information noted above . Cookies enable us to recognize you and personalize your viewing experience on the pch.com site . For example , we use cookies to recognize user access privileges to pch.com , track site usage and traffic patterns , add advertisements for goods or services that we think may interest you , and estimate our audience size . We also use cookies to store user names and information that are supplied at registration . Although most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies , if you prefer , you can decline the placement of a cookie on your hard drive by using the appropriate feature ( s ) of your web browser software ( if available ) to delete the cookie . Please note , however , that certain areas on the site will not function properly if your web browser does not accept cookies . " Pixel tracking " , a common process which may be used in connection with advertisements on other sites , involves the use of pixel tags that are not visible to the user of the site and consist of a few lines of computer coding . Pixel tracking measures the effectiveness of these advertisements and compiles aggregate and specific usage statistics . A " pixel tag " is an invisible tag placed on certain pages of websites you may visit and is used to track an individual user 's activity . We may access these pixel tags to identify activity and interests that may allow us to better match our offers with your interests . For example , if you visit our Web site from an advertisement on another site , the pixel tag will allow the advertiser to track that their advertisement brought you to the PCH site . If you visit our website and we link you to another site we may also be able to determine that you were sent to and/or transacted with a third party web site . This data is collected for use in our marketing and research . Personal information about you is not collected by the third party advertising company , nor is any tracking information generated from the pixel tag allowed to be used by them for any other purpose other than to report web site activity to us . We use local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences such as volume control or high game score , or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit . Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use Flash cookies to collect and store information . Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored . Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies . To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here . As is true of most web sites , we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files . This information includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , operating system , date/time stamp , and clickstream data . We use this information , which does not identify individual users , to analyze trends , to administer the site , to track users ' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole . We do not link this automatically-collected data to personal information . Some of our business partners ( e.g. , tracking utility company ) use cookies on our site . We have no access to or control over these cookies . We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone . This software may record information such as how often you use the application , the events that occur within the application , aggregated usage , performance data , and where the application was downloaded from . We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application . Except as otherwise noted in this policy , pch.com only discloses user information in aggregate form to marketing partners . For example , we might tell a marketing partner how many users visited pch.com over a period of time , but we will never tell them who it was that saw or clicked on their offer , unless that user has given us permission to do so . We share our users Android ID with application tracking companies so that we can track whether a user has downloaded one of our Customer 's applications . We will share our unique ID for the user with our customer 's so that we are able to provide users with their prizes . pch.com believes that consumers should be able to control the use of their data . We will not share personal information with marketing partners if you follow the simple unsubscribe procedure of removing the check mark located at the permission notice box appearing on the pch.com registration and entry page . If an opt-out is not submitted , we will notify users of exciting offers of interest from pch.com and our marketing partners . We may also share your name , land address and e-mail address with marketing partners so that they can send you offers directly for products and services that may be of interest to you . The personal information our users provide to us may be combined with other personal information ( such as demographic information and past purchase information ) available from our records and other sources . We use a third party to verify your address , in order to process your order prior to shipping . This allows us and our marketing partners , with permission , to present our users with offers and information geared towards their interests . We require each permission based e-mail our partners send to include a description of a simple opt-out process that will enable you to stop receiving promotional e-mail from them in the future . We will only deal with marketing partners who offer products or services that we believe may be of interest to our users . Nevertheless , pch.com is not and can not be responsible for the activities or privacy policies of these third parties . We may share our unsubscribe list with select marketing partners for the sole purpose of insuring that individuals on this list do not receive electronic commercial mail messages containing Publishers Clearing House advertisements that may be sent by such partners . We do not rent , license , or sell personal data to third parties unless permission is granted through user submission of the checked permission notice box appearing at the registration and entry page of pch.com . In the event of a merger , acquisition , or change of control of pch.com , customer data would be considered a business asset and would be transferred . We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena . We may also disclose personal information as required by law or to protect the safety and security of our users . You should also know that when you order a magazine subscription from pch.com , we need to provide your name and address to the magazine publisher so they can start your service . Publishers may exchange or rent their subscriber names , typically to third party companies that match reader interests . If you do not wish to receive such offers , we suggest that you notify the publisher directly ( the contact information is usually found in each magazine issue ) . We use other third parties such as credit card processors and e-mail service providers to provide order fulfillment and e-mail delivery services on our site . When you register on our site , we will share your personal information as necessary for these third parties to provide these services . These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose including their own marketing purposes . When you register with pch.com we may share your name and information with third parties who may contact you by mail with relevant offers . If you wish to opt out of such exchanges you may click : here . Targeted or Behavioral Advertising : Targeted advertising ( also known as Behavioral Advertising ) uses information collected on an individual 's web browsing behavior such as the pages they have visited or the searches they have made . This information is then used to select which pch.com advertisement should be displayed to a particular individual on websites other than pch.com . For example , if you have shown a preference for cooking while visiting pch.com , you may be served an advertisement from pch.com for cooking related products when you visit a site other than pch.com . The information collected is only linked to an anonymous cookie ID ( alphanumeric number ) ; it does not include any information that could be linked back to a particular person , such as their name , address or credit card number . The information used for targeted advertising either comes from pch.com or through third party website publishers . If you would like to opt out of targeted advertising from pch.com that occurs when visiting our third party advertising publishers , please click here : Please note that this will opt you out of targeted ads from pch.com and any other participating advertisers . If you opt out , you will continue to receive online advertising from Publishers Clearing House ; however , these ads may not be as relevant to you . Receiving email messages from pch.com , our affiliates and partners is optional . As noted earlier , the collection , use , and distribution of personal data helps us create a more personalized , relevant , and intelligent web service for our users . While some basic data is necessary to provide certain services , such as entry into the sweepstakes and fulfillment of products and services ordered through pch.com , there are some cases where the submission of information is optional . We will not contact you with e-mail offers or share personal information with marketing partners if you follow the simple opt-out procedure of removing the check mark located at the permission notice box appearing on the pch.com registration and entry page . If you are already receiving pch.com emails and no longer wish to receive such communications , simply follow the " unsubscribe " instructions that appear in every pch.com e-mail , or contact us through our " Ask Us " page found in our Info Center section or by writing directly to Christopher L. Irving , Consumer & Privacy Affairs , pch.com , 382 Channel Drive , Port Washington , New York , 11050 . If you have provided personal information directly to our third party marketing partners and are receiving email communications directly from these third parties pch.com can not , in most instances , unsubscribe users from these third parties . If you wish to unsubscribe from one of our marketing partner 's e-mail programs , please follow their unsubscribe procedures which will be found within their e-mails or in their privacy policy . To the extent hyperlinks or banner advertisements incorporating hyperlinks are utilized on this Site to access third party sites , users should be aware that these third party web sites are not controlled by pch.com and , therefore , are not subject to this privacy policy . We recommend that users check the privacy policies of these individual sites to see how their personal information will be utilized . Please note that our Web sites utilize framing techniques to make it appear that the user is still on the site when the user is actually on a third party Web site . For example , if you are on a page that has the look and feel of www.pch.com , but the url listed in your browser is a different url than www.pch.com , then know that the information is being collected by this third party and their privacy policy governs the collection and use of this information . Users can access the personal information they have provided to pch.com for the purposes of reviewing and updating such information by following instructions in the " Your Account " section of the Site . We have implemented a number of security features throughout the pch.com site that are intended to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to the user information we collect online . For example , database information is firewall protected . Also , only authorized pch.com personnel have access to any stored personal information we collect from our users . Moreover , password and credit card information you submit to pch.com is always encrypted during transmission . Users should be aware that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered a secure means of transmitting credit card numbers . While we strive to create a secure and reliable site for our users , the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted over the Internet can not be 100 % guaranteed . Users should keep in mind that any information submitted through an Internet transaction is potentially accessible to the public , and consequently , can be collected and used by others without their consent . pch.com is not responsible or liable for illegal interception of personal data via any Internet transaction . When we collect and transmit sensitive data such as your credit card number , we encrypt it using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) . We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services . If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at privacychoices @ pch.com This e-mail address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it . . We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . The pch.com site is not directed to visitors residing outside of the United States and such users are not eligible to submit online sweepstakes entries . However , as indicated in the Official Rules on the site , some sweepstakes promoted on the pch.com Site are open to residents of the U.K. and Canada . Residents from these countries can participate in these sweepstakes by sending a write-in entry to the address provided in the Official Rules . We regret that as a result of system limitations at this time non-U.S. residents may not order products through pch.com . If pch.com becomes aware that a user who does not reside in the United States has registered with the pch.com site , pch.com will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from its files . The pch.com site is not targeted nor directed to children under the age of thirteen . PCH.com does not intend to collect personal information from individuals in this age group . If pch.com receives actual notice that a child under the age of thirteen has provided personal information to pch.com , pch.com will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from its files . The following information for California residents covers on-line ( internet ) and off-line ( direct mail ) information sharing activities . Please review the complete Publishers Clearing House Privacy Policy for full details on our information sharing and privacy practices . As detailed in our policy , from time to time we may share or exchange marketing information about the consumers who respond to our offers with other companies so they may contact you about products and services that may interest you . If you do not want your name passed on to other companies for the purpose of receiving marketing offers , just tell us by contacting us at privacychoices @ pchmail.com This e-mail address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it . or by writing to Christopher L. Irving , Sr. Director , Consumer & Privacy Affairs , Publishers Clearing House , 382 Channel Drive , Port Washington , New York 11050 and we will be pleased to respect your wishes . Please make sure to provide both your email address and full name , mailing address , city , state and zip code information if you wish your request to apply to both on-line and off-line marketing information sharing . Publishers Clearing House collects certain personal information from our direct mail customers and entrants primarily to process sweepstakes entries and fulfill orders for the products and services we offer . For example , we need your full name and address to enter you in the sweepstakes , notify you if you 've won a prize or to send you any magazine subscription or product you may purchase . We may also use the personal data we collect for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes , and to report aggregate information to our marketing partners and other third parties . From time to time we may share or exchange marketing information about the consumers who respond to our offers with other companies so they may contact you about products and services that may interest you . If you do not want your name passed on to other companies for the purpose of receiving marketing offers , just tell us by contacting us at privacychoices @ pchmail.com This e-mail address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it . or by writing to Christopher L. Irving , , Consumer & Privacy Affairs , Publishers Clearing House , 382 Channel Drive and we will be pleased to respect your wishes . Please make sure to provide your full name , address , city , state and zip code information if you wish your request to apply to both on-line and off-line marketing information sharing . Publishers Clearing House complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries . Publishers Clearing House has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Publishers Clearing House 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ We welcome any questions or comments you may have regarding this privacy policy or the use of personal data . To contact us , please visit the Info Center of the site or write directly to Christopher L. Irving , Consumer & Privacy Affairs , pch.com , 382 Channel Drive , Port Washington , New York , 11050 . 
Valve Corporation and Valve S.A.R.L ( collectively , Valve ) respect the privacy of its online visitors and users of its products and services . Valve recognizes the importance of protecting information collected from users and has adopted this privacy policy to inform users about how Valve gathers , stores , and uses information derived from their use of Valve products , services and online sites . This policy is current as of its last revision date . However , please note that this policy may be amended from time to time to reflect changes and additions to the privacy policy . Please check back for the most current version before relying on any of the provisions in this privacy policy . By using Valve 's online sites , products , and services , users agree that Valve may collect personally identifiable information ( as defined below ) . Valve will not share personally identifiable information with other parties except as described in this policy . Valve may also collect aggregate information and individual information . " Aggregate information " is information that describes the habits , usage patterns , and demographics of users as a group but does not describe or reveal the identity of any particular user . " Individual information " is information about a user or user 's machine that is presented in a form distinguishable from information relating to other users but not in a form that personally identifies any user or enables the recipient to communicate directly with any user . Valve may share aggregate and individual information with other parties without restriction . " Personally identifiable information " is information that can be used to uniquely identify a user , such as name , address or credit card number . You may be asked to provide personally identifiable information in connection with the use of Valve 's products , services and online sites . While Valve collects personally identifiable information on a voluntary basis , for certain products and services Valve 's collection of personally identifiable information may be a requirement for access to the product or service or to process a user 's order . Personally identifiable information is used internally by Valve to develop , deliver and improve our products,content and services . In addition , Valve may allow third parties performing services under contract with Valve , such as order or payment processors or merchandise warehouse and fulfillment services , to access and use personally identifiable information , but only to the extent necessary to provide those services . Valve will not share personally identifying information with third parties for marketing purposes . Valve may use personally identifying information provided by users to send information about Valve , including news about product updates , contests , events , and other promotional materials , but only if the users agree to receive such communications . In some situations , personally identifiable information that users input in connection with their use of Steam may be available to other users of Steam . For example , during the creation of a Steam account , Valve collects a user 's email address and username , and at the user 's option , first and last name . Some of this information is searchable and available to other users within Steam . Valve has no obligation to keep private personally identifiable information that a user makes available to other users via Steam or other Valve software , such as in multiplayer chat or other public functions . External websites and companies with links to and from Valve 's online sites and products may collect personally identifiable information about users . Third party publishers may also collect personally identifiable information as a requirement of accessing their games or content . Valve 's privacy policy does not extend to these external websites and companies or third party publishers . Please refer directly to these companies and websites regarding their privacy policies . Valve may release personally identifiable information to comply with court orders or laws that require us to disclose such information . In the event of a reorganization , sale or merger we may transfer personally identifiable information to the relevant third party . Valve will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from any person age 12 and under . Valve encourages parents to instruct their children to never give out personal information when online . Parents who are concerned about the transfer of personal information from their children may contact us . Valve 's products , services and sites may employ cookies and other technologies such as web beacons and pixel tags . Cookies are bits of electronic information that can be transferred to a user 's hard drive to customize a person 's use of a product or online site , keep records of a user 's access to an online site or product , or store information needed by the user on a regular basis . Use of cookies is typically associated with websites . For example , when you sign in to Steam , Valve stores your user id and a combination of your IP address and time of login as a cookie on your hard drive . This cookie allows you to move from page to page without having to sign in again on each page . Similarly , if you enter information during your session , such as age verification data , this will be stored as a cookie and you will not have to re-enter such information during that session . We may also use third party web site analytic tools that employ cookies to collect certain non-personally identifiable information concerning use of our websites , such as referring web site addresses , page views and browser types . Valve also stores information on a user 's hard drive that is used in conjunction with use of Valve 's products and services . This includes a unique authorization key or CD-Key that is either entered by the user or downloaded automatically during product registration . This authorization key is used to identify a user as valid and allow access to Valve 's products , services and third party games . Information regarding Steam billing , a user 's Steam account , a user 's Internet connection and the Valve software installed on a user 's computer is uploaded to the server in connection with the user 's use of Steam and Valve software . Valve software automatically generates and submits to Valve bug reports upon a crash or other fault in the Valve software , services or Steam games . This automatically generated bug report information may include information about other software or hardware on a user 's system . Valve does not associate and store the automatically generated bug report information with personally identifiable information . Any bug reporting information manually submitted by users ( e.g. through Valve 's Bug Reporter form ) is associated and stored with personally identifiable information . Valve 's products or services may provide chat , forums , bulletin boards , or instant messaging tools to users . Any information that is disclosed in chat , forums or bulletin boards should be considered public information , and users who message one another may not know each other personally . Valve has no obligation to keep private personally identifiable information that a user makes available to other users or the public using these functions . Users should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in public forums . Users should also be aware that game play information disclosed during multiplayer game play ( e.g. player name and current player statistics ) is public information and may be displayed to other users . Valve gives users the option to receive promotional email communications from Valve . Users may opt out of these communications . Instructions for discontinuing receipt of promotional email communications from Valve will be provided in email communications to users . Personally identifiable information provided to Valve by customers in the EU is controlled by Valve S.a.r.l , with place of business set out below . Valve Corporation acts as the data processor on behalf of Valve S.a.r.l . Personally identifiable information provided to Valve will be collected , processed and stored by Valve Corporation in the United States . Valve has taken reasonable steps to protect the information users share with us , including , but not limited to , setup of processes , equipment and software to avoid unauthorized access or disclosure of this information . Valve Corporation complies with the Safe Harbor framework developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union relating to the transfer and processing of personally identifiable information . For more information about the Safe Harbor program or to view Valve 's certification visit http : //export.gov/safeharbor/eu/eg_main_018476.asp . If you are concerned about the accuracy of personally identifiable information maintained by Valve or wish to review , access , amend or correct it , or would like your personally identifiable information removed from Valve 's records or otherwise deactivated , please contact us here . We may decline requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , or are extremely impractical . If you have any questions or complaints about this privacy policy , or the privacy practices of Valve , please contact us here . You may also contact Valve Corp. or Valve S.a.r.l. at the addresses below . Valve Corporation P.O . Box 1688 Bellevue , WA 98004 Valve S.a.r.l . Regus City Center Suite 227 26 Boulevard Royal L-2449 Luxembourg Revision Date : August 1 , 2012 
Validate TRUSTe privacy certification Blizzard Entertainment and its affiliate companies ( collectively " Blizzard " ) respect the privacy of its on-line visitors and recognize the importance of providing a secure environment for them . We have adopted a company wide On-Line Privacy Policy that guides how we collect , store , and use the information you provide us . This Privacy Policy details how Blizzard safeguards the privacy of its on-line visitors and does not apply to information that may be collected by Blizzard off-line . Please note that when you link to other sites from a Blizzard website , this Privacy Policy does not apply to , and can not control the activities on , those other sites . Blizzard has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . The scope of TRUSTe 's certification covers its North American websites us.blizzard.com and us.battle.net and their subdomains . The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact our Privacy Policy Administrator at privacy @ blizzard.com . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . Blizzard Entertainment complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland . Blizzard Entertainment has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Blizzard Entertainment 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ If you are a visitor from outside the United States , the personal information you provide may be transferred to , stored , and processed within the United States or other countries where Blizzard maintains facilities or business operations . Blizzard only collects personal information on a voluntary basis . If an on-line visitor submits information to Blizzard , it will usually take the form of either : ( 1 ) the purchase of goods or services though our on-line stores , ( 2 ) product or account registration , or registration for on-line game participation , ( 3 ) player match-up services , ( 4 ) message boards or forums , ( 5 ) eCards or Recruit-a-Friend e-mails , ( 6 ) warranty registrations , ( 7 ) contest registrations , ( 8 ) a consumer complaint , ( 9 ) surveys , ( 10 ) customer service or technical support , and/or ( 11 ) newsletters . Personal information collected may include your name , home address , phone number , and/or e-mail address . We do not require this information to gain access to our sites , however , you will not be able to utilize certain products , services , or features that require registration or receive materials such as newsletters unless such information is provided . Visitors purchasing products or services will be required to provide additional information such as a valid credit card number , expiration date , and shipping and billing addresses . Please note that , depending on the Blizzard site that you are visiting , many of the activities listed above may not be available and , as such , personal information may not be collected . For some activities , we may ask you to create a username and password and/or to provide other , non-personal information such as your age , date of birth , gender , and/or game and platform preferences ; and , combine such information with your personal information . In addition , your web browser or client software may transmit certain geographic information or information regarding your computer ( capabilities , game data processing , etc. )  to Blizzard . Blizzard may use this information to generate aggregate statistics about our user community and may provide such information to advertisers and/or our partners . In addition , Blizzard may use such information for security , system integrity ( the prevention of hacking , cheats , etc. ) , or enforcement purposes . From time to time , we may also post customer testimonials that contain personally identifiable information on Blizzard 's websites . However , we will obtain the customer 's consent to post these testimonials prior to publication in accordance with the applicable Blizzard Terms of Use ( TOU ) . The personal information you provide Blizzard will allow us to fulfill your product or service order ; alert you of new products or services , features , or enhancements ; handle/route your customer service or technical support questions or issues ; to send eCards or Recruit-a-Friend emails ; and/or notify you of upgrade opportunities , contests , promotions , or special events and offers . Blizzard may enhance or merge the personal information collected at a Blizzard site with data from third parties in order to update your contact information , perform market analysis , or improve our products , services , or systems . Blizzard may also provide your personal information to other companies or organizations that offer products or services that may be of interest to you . In such cases , we will notify you that the information will be shared and provide you with an opportunity to opt-out . Lastly , we may use your personal information for internal marketing , profiling , or demographic purposes , so we can adapt our products and services to better suit your needs . We do this to better understand and serve our customers . Please be advised that personal information submitted by individuals acting solely in a business capacity ( e.g. , personal information contained in job applicant 's resume ) is not subject to the uses set forth above or to any other practices stated in this Privacy Policy . Special Offers and Updates We will occasionally send you information on products , services , special deals , and promotions . Out of respect for your privacy , we present the option not to receive these types of communications . Please see the Choice section below . Service-related Announcements We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so . For instance , if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance , we might send you an email . Generally , you may not opt-out of these communications , which are not promotional in nature . Customer Service Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us , we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password . We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries , to provide the services you request , and to manage your account . We will communicate with you by email or telephone , in accordance with your wishes . Recruit a Friend/E-cards If you choose to use our recruit-a-friend or e-card features , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address . We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site . Blizzard does not store this information and uses it for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and to track the success of our referral program . When you are asked for information while on a Blizzard site , you are sharing that information with Blizzard , its parent , and its various affiliates and sister companies , unless specifically stated otherwise . As a result of this sharing , you may receive communications from any of Blizzard 's affiliates . In addition , some services are provided in conjunction with partner companies . If your personal information is being collected by another company other than Blizzard , you will be notified at the time the information is collected . If you do not want your information shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer of information by not using that particular service or by not providing any information at that time . Please be aware that we can not control the activities of third parties to whom we provide data , and as such we can not guarantee that they adhere to the same privacy and security procedures as Blizzard . Please be aware that advertisers or websites with links to and from our sites may collect personal information about you . And remember , this Privacy Policy does not apply to , and can not control the activities of , those other advertisers or websites . Blizzard may need to disclose your personal information to third party vendors to fulfill product orders or prizes , to process mailings , or to process , analyze , and/or store data on Blizzard 's behalf . We will attempt to ensure that these entities do not use your personal information for any other purpose , and that they have agreed to maintain the confidentiality , security , and integrity of the personal information they obtain from us . These service providers may not use your personal information for their own marketing purposes . We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify , contact , or bring legal action against you if you are violating the Terms of Service or Use Agreements for a Blizzard site or product , or may be causing injury to or interference ( intentionally or unintentionally ) with Blizzard 's rights or property , other users of a Blizzard site or product , or anyone else who could be harmed by your activities . We also reserve the right to disclose your personal information if we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities . As with any business , your personal information is also an asset of Blizzard and will become part of our normal business records . As such , we may also disclose your personal information to a third party if we decide to sell a line of business to that third party , so you can continue to receive service and information in connection with that line of business with as little disruption as possible . Similarly , in the event of a merger , acquisition , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event , your personal information may be transferred to Blizzard ' s successor or assign . Blizzard sites may also have message boards , forums , and/or chat areas , where users can exchange ideas and communicate with one another . When posting to a message board , forum , or chat area , please be aware that the information is being made publicly available on-line and the user does so at his or her own risk . For certain forums , anyone posting or replying to a post may be doing so using their Real ID -- that is , their full first and last name -- with the option to also display the name of their primary in-game character . See discussion regarding Real ID below . If your personal information is posted on one of our community forums , you may contact us at privacy @ blizzard.com . In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why . Blizzard allows you to control the way that we use personal identifying information that we might obtain . At the time you provide personal information , Blizzard may give you the option of declining any future offers or information about new products , promotions , or services . In addition , many of the " mailings " Blizzard may send you , such as newsletters , have procedures within them to cancel the receipt of any future mailings . Lastly , you may be given the opportunity to " opt-out " of certain features or functionality ( e.g. Real ID ) . Under California law , our customers that are California residents may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . As detailed above , we do not share our customer 's personal information with unaffiliated third parties for direct marketing purposes without their approval . If at any time you wish to opt out of having your personal information shared with third parties and/or receiving information from Blizzard ( via e-mail or postal mail ) about new products , services , or promotions , you can do so . You may contact us at Blizzard Entertainment Privacy Policy , Attn : Opt-Out Administrator , 16215 Alton Pkwy . Irvine CA 92618-3616 . You can also contact us by e-mailing us at opt-out @ blizzard.com . Please indicate what publications or services you no longer wish to receive so that we may better address your needs . Children Under 13 Once a child states that his/her age is under 13 , we do not collect or store any personally identifiable information such as name , address , or email address . Note to Parents We recognize a special obligation to protect personal information about young children . We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names , addresses , or phone numbers , without permission , when on-line . Teenagers under the age of 17 and over the age of 12 should encourage their parents to review this policy and to contact us if they would like to evoke our opt-out policy or to raise any concerns . For more information , you may visit our Parental Controls area at https : //us.battle.net/account/parental-controls/index.html . Real ID friends can see each other 's real-life name and can see each other 's characters across all Blizzard products and services . By participating in Real ID , you will have the option of making your real name visible to your friend 's friends , who will also be able to invite you to become friends . When you and a friend mutually agree to become Real ID friends , you will have access to a number of additional features , including the following :  Real Names for Friends : Your Real ID friends will appear under their real-life names on your friends list , when chatting , communicating in-game , or viewing a character 's profile . Cross-Realm and Cross-Game Chat : With Real ID , friends can chat cross-realm , cross-faction , and cross-game using Blizzard 's products and services . Rich Presence : You will see additional info on your friends list about what your Real ID friends are up to in Blizzard 's products and services in real time . Cookies are a feature of your Web browser that allows Web sites to transfer bits of information to your computer for record-keeping purposes . A cookie stored on your computer can be used to " remember " things like your password , or that you have already registered . This allows us to speed up your future activities , saving the time you would normally spend entering information such as your password or registration . In addition , Blizzard may use cookies to retrieve user information for promotional , marketing , or security purposes . Blizzard and our third-party tracking service also employ a software technology called clear gifs ( a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs ) , that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective . Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of Web users . In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence . These clear gifs are not tied to personally identifiable information . Our third-party tracking service uses cookies and clear gifs to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate . They capture usage and volume statistics to help improve our Web site . We have no access or control of these third-party tracking utilities . We also use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients . This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns . For this reason , these types of clear gifs are tied to personally identifiable information . An Internet protocol ( " IP " ) address is the unique number assigned to your server or Internet Service Provider ( " ISP " ) . Blizzard may track such IP addresses for system administration , to report aggregate information , site tracking , security purposes , or to prevent our servers from being abused . If for any reason you are concerned with the way we are using your personal information , or would like to correct or request that we delete such personal information , please contact Blizzard Entertainment Privacy Policy , Attention : Privacy Policy Administrator , at 16215 Alton Pkwy . Irvine CA 92618-3616 . You can also contact us by e-mailing us at privacy @ blizzard.com . We will respond to any request for access within 30 days . In some cases , we may not be able to delete your personal information and will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . Please note that the deletion of your data will lead to the termination of your account and applicable services . Blizzard has taken steps to assure that all information collected will remain secure and in its original form , i.e. free from any alteration . As such , access to all personal information is strictly controlled . When credit card information is transmitted , for example , we use industry standard , SSL ( secure sockets layer ) encryption . In addition , we will take reasonable steps to assure that third parties to whom we transfer any data will provide sufficient protection of personal information . We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you services . If you have any questions or wish to file a complaint , please feel free to e-mail us at privacy @ blizzard.com or send a letter addressed to Blizzard Entertainment Privacy Policy , Attention : Privacy Policy Administrator , at 16215 Alton Pkwy . Irvine CA 92618-3616 . By using this Website , you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy . If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy , please do not use this site . This Privacy Policy may change from time to time , so please check back periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes . If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy , we will notify you by posting the change on this website or in this Privacy Policy and , if necessary , give you additional choices regarding such change . Your continued use of the Blizzard website will signify your acceptance of these changes . This Privacy Policy was last updated on March 25 , 2011 
MSN Privacy Statement This privacy statement applies to MSN websites , services , products and applications that collect data and display these terms . It does not apply to other Microsoft products and services that do not link to the MSN Privacy Statement . Cookies Collecting your Information Using Your Information Sharing Your Information Accessing Your Information MSN Money MSN Internet Services Children Advertising Communications Payment Data Microsoft account Other Information CookiesCookies Most Microsoft Sites use " cookies , " small text files that can be read by a web server in the domain that put the cookie on your hard drive . We may use cookies to store your preferences and settings ; help with sign-in ; provide targeted ads ; and analyze site operations . Click here to learn more . MSN use " cookies , " small text files that can be read by a web server in the domain that put the cookie on your hard drive . We may use cookies to store your preferences and settings ; help with sign-in ; provide targeted ads ; and analyze site operations . We also use web beacons to help deliver cookies and compile analytics . These may include third-party web beacons , which are prohibited from collecting your personal information . You have a variety of tools to control cookies and similar technologies , including :  Browser controls to block and delete cookies ; Advertising controls , including Microsoft 's controls at Your privacy and Microsoft personalized ads , to opt out of receiving behaviorally targeted ads ; and Controls from some analytics providers to opt out of data collection in web beacons . Learn More Go to top of page MSN collects many kinds of information in order to operate effectively and provide you the best products , services and experiences we can . Some of this information you provide directly to us . Some of it we get by observing how you interact with our products and services . When you interact with our sites and services , we collect information about your computer , browsing history , Microsoft cookies and approximate location if you have agreed to allow access to that information . We also collect information when you choose to subscribe or sign up for services or campaigns offered on our site . Lastly , MSN uses a number of methods and technologies to gather information about how you use our sites and services , including cookies , web beacons and web logging Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page MSN uses the information we collect to operate , improve and personalize the products and services we offer . We also may use the information to communicate with you , for example , informing you about your account and security updates , or sending you newsletters that you have subscribed to . We may also use the information to help make the ads you see on our ad-supported services more relevant . Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page Except as described in this privacy statement , we wo n't disclose your personal information to a third party without your consent . Please see Other Important Privacy Information for details about when we may disclose information , including with Microsoft affiliates and vendors ; when required by law or to respond to legal process ; to combat fraud or protect our interest ; or to protect lives . Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page Some MSN services give you the option to enter and update personal information to provide additional customization or features such as customizing or posting content , setting display preferences , or subscribing to newsletters or other notifications . To help prevent others from viewing your personal information , you first will be required to sign in . Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page As part of providing MSN Money customers with a central location for managing personal finances , MSN may request that you furnish personal information such as your e-mail address , name and physical address along with financial data such as account balances , account numbers , credit card balances , and stock and bond portfolio information . MSN uses this information to provide you with portfolio tracking , and other requested financial services . Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page MSN Premium , MSN Plus and MSN Dial up are all MSN internet services that enable users to access the internet . When you sign up for MSN internet services you are required to sign in using your Microsoft account and provide billing information that is used to pay for the services . When you sign into MSN internet services you will also be signed into the Microsoft sites you visit or services you use . MSN internet services will automatically check the version of the MSN Explorer software and components you are using ( including your browser version ) every time you sign into the service in order to optimize performance . MSN internet services may also provide upgrades to such software that will be automatically installed on your computer . MSN Internet services also provide additional features such as customer experience improvement program and critical performance error reporting . Click Learn More for privacy information about these features . Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page When a Microsoft site or service collects age information , it will block users under 13 or obtain consent from a parent or guardian before their child can use it . When consent is granted , the child 's account is treated much like any other account , including being able to communicate with other users . Parents can change or revoke consent as described in this privacy statement . Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page Most of the online advertisements on Microsoft sites and services are displayed by Microsoft Advertising . When we display online advertisements to you , we will place one or more cookies in order to recognize your computer when we display an ad to you . Over time , we may gather information from the sites where we serve ads and use the information to help provide more relevant ads . You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from Microsoft Advertising by visiting our opt-out page . Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page You can stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail Microsoft sites and services by following the specific instructions in the e-mail you receive . You also have the option of proactively making choices about the receipt of promotional e-mail , telephone calls , and postal mail from Microsoft by visiting and signing onto the Promotional Communications Manager . Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page Payment Data is the information that you provide when you make online purchases . This may include your payment instrument number ( e.g. , credit card , PayPal ) , your name and billing address , and the security code associated with your payment instrument ( e.g. , the CSV or CVV ) . This section provides additional information regarding the collection and use of your payment information . Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page Microsoft account ( formerly known as Windows Live ID and Microsoft Passport ) is a service that allows you to sign into Microsoft products , web sites and services , as well as those of select Microsoft partners . When you create a Microsoft account , we ask you to provide certain information . When you sign into a site or service using your Microsoft account , we collect certain information in order to verify your identity on behalf of the site or service , to protect you from malicious account usage , and to protect the efficiency and security of the Microsoft account service . We also send certain information to a site or service you have signed into with your Microsoft account . To view additional details about Microsoft account , including how to create and use a Microsoft account , how to edit account information , and how we collect and use information relating to a Microsoft account , please click on Learn More . Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page Learn more about Why and with whom we share or disclose personal information Protecting the security of personal information Where we store and process information Changes to our privacy statements How to contact us 
CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Effective Date : January 2nd , 2014 Note : The CBS Interactive Privacy Policy has been updated . Please review the updated privacy policy carefully before using the CBS Interactive Web Sites . By using any of the CBS Interactive Web Sites , you consent to the terms of the updated privacy policy . Click here for more information about the updates CBS Interactive Inc . ( " CBS Interactive " ) is committed to protecting your privacy . CBS Interactive , its affiliates , and its subsidiaries own , operate , or provide access to , several interactive web sites and other interactive features that provide an authorized link to this Privacy Policy ( collectively " CBS Interactive Web Sites " ) . This Privacy Policy applies only to the CBS Interactive Web Sites . This Privacy Policy describes , among other things , the types of information collected about you when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site ; how your information may be used and when it may be disclosed ; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information ; and how your information is protected . Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at CBS Interactive . We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of Privacy Principles . Back To Top This Privacy Policy applies to information , including contact information , collected about you by a CBS Interactive Web Site . This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected through any other web site . Please note that some CBS Interactive Web Sites may contain links to non-CBS Interactive Web Sites . We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites , and we recommend that you visit the privacy policies of each web site that you visit . Back To Top Information you provide directly to CBS Interactive Web Sites . You are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site . CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask you for different types of information when you register for certain services , access various content or features , or directly contact the Web Site including :  Contact information , such as name , email address , postal address , phone number , facsimile number , and mobile number ;  User name , password , and password reminder questions and answers ;  Age and date of birth ;  Other demographic information , such as gender , job information , and zip code ;  Information for a public profile , such as your interests and the address of your web site ;  Communications preferences , such as which newsletters you would like to receive ;  Search queries ;  In limited circumstances , payment and identity verification information , such as credit card number , social security number or comparable national identifiers , and driver 's license number where needed for payment , to complete a particular transaction , or to access a particular service ( e.g. , contests or paid subscriptions ) ;  Contact information about others when you provide information about others or refer a friend to a particular site or service ( note : such information is used solely to facilitate the communications requested ) ;  Information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features ;  Correspondence you send to us ; and Information collected about you offline ( including via facsimile , mail , or in person for sweepstakes entrance forms ) . Information we collect automatically on CBS Interactive Websites . CBS Interactive Web Sites may collect certain information automatically , including :  Your browser type and operating system ;  Your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area ;  Sites you visited before and after visiting a CBS Interactive Web Site ;  Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on within CBS Interactive Web Sites ;  Unique identifiers , including mobile device identification numbers that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law ;  Information collected through cookies , web beacons , and other technologies ;  Information about your interactions with audio and video content , such as the type of content listened to and viewed , and information about your interactions with email messages , such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ;  Upon request , your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs installed on your computer ; and Standard server log information . Information we obtain from other sources . Where permitted by applicable law , we may collect information about you from other sources , including through interactive applications ( such as mobile devices , third-party services , and embedded audio and video players ) , from co-branded partners and sites ( for example , on our pages on Facebook ) , and from commercially available sources ( such as data aggregators and public databases ) . The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources : Name , postal address , and telephone number ;  Demographic data , such as age , gender , and income level ;  If you access third-party services ( such as Facebook , Google or Twitter ) through a CBS Interactive Web Site , or if you access a CBS Interactive Web Site via a third-party service , your username and password for those services and other information available about or collected from you on those services , as described in our overview of third-party social networking services Your interests and purchase behavior ;  Publicly-observed data , such as activities on blogs , videos , and other online postings ; and Other navigation data , such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on . This privacy policy does not cover the practices of third parties , including those that may disclose information to CBS Interactive . Combining Information . Please note that all of the information we collect about you may be combined , including to help us tailor our communications to you and to develop rich online content and services across the CBS Interactive Web Sites . Back To Top We only use payment and identity verification information , such as credit card numbers , driver 's license numbers , social security numbers , or comparable national identifiers as necessary for completing a particular transaction or fulfilling a service ( e.g. , paid subscriptions or awarding prizes to contest winners ) or as otherwise required by law . We generally use other information we collect about you to :  Fulfill your requests for products , services , and information , including to send you electronic newsletters , authorize a purchase , and complete a transaction that you have requested ;  Enable you to participate in features such as surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and message boards ;  Provide you with electronic newsletters , information , special offers and promotional materials on behalf of CBS Interactive Web Sites , companies within our corporate family , and third parties , in accordance with applicable law ;  Analyze the use of CBS Interactive Web Sites and information about visitors to our Web Sites to understand and improve our service offerings and , in accordance with our sharing policies , discussed below , to produce anonymous or aggregated data and statistics that might help third parties develop their own products and service offerings ;  Customize the content you see when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site ;  Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests , as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising ;  Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with CBS Interactive 's Terms of Use ; and For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent . Back To Top CBS Interactive is committed to maintaining your trust and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share information collected about you . With your consent . With your consent , we may share your contact information with third-party business partners . For example , CBS Interactive Web Sites such as ZDNet.com and BNET.com offer free access to relevant services ( e.g. , webcasts and white papers ) if you agree to have your information shared with third parties so they can contact you about related products and services . Authorized third-party service providers . We share your information with third-party vendors who help us with specialized services , including customer support , email and text message deployment , business analytics , marketing , and data processing . These third parties are allowed to use your information to help us provide our services and not for any other purpose . Sweepstakes , contests , or promotions . When you choose to enter a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion , and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the promotions , your information may be disclosed to sponsors and third parties who help design , administer and implement the promotion , including in connection with winner selection , prize fulfillment and aggregated data analysis . Your information also may be disclosed as required by law , such as on a winners list . Also , by entering a promotion , you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion , including allowing the sponsors to use your name , voice , and likeness in advertising and marketing associated with the promotion in accordance with applicable law . All terms applicable to the particular promotion will be made available to you at the time you enter the promotion . Co-Branded Partners . Co-Branded Partners are third parties with whom a CBS Interactive Web Site may jointly offer a service or feature . You can tell when you are accessing a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner because the Co-Branded Partner 's name will be featured prominently . You may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner . In doing so , you may be providing your information to both us and the Co-Branded Partner , or we may share your information with the Co-Branded Partner . Please note that the Co-Branded Partner 's privacy policy may apply to its use of your information . CBS Interactive Web Sites and other CBS businesses . The CBS Interactive family continues to grow to include innovative CBS Interactive Web Sites that offer rich and deep interactive experiences . Where permitted by law , we may share information we collect about you within the family of CBS Interactive Web Sites and with CBS Corporation , our parent company , and other CBS-affiliated companies , so we can provide you with information about products and services that might interest you . Business transfers . We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of a CBS Interactive Web Site , a merger , consolidation , asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy . Legal requirements . We may disclose information about our users , including contact information , to respond to subpoenas , court orders , legal process , and other law enforcement measures , and to comply with other legal obligations , such as FCC requirements . Protect our Web Sites and users . We may disclose information to protect and defend the legal rights , interests , and safety of CBS Interactive Web Sites , other CBS companies , and their employees , agents , and contractors ( including enforcing our agreements ) ; to protect the safety and security of users of the Web Sites and members of the public ; and as otherwise disclosed in our Terms of Use . Please note that we may share information with advertisers as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising . We also may share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties , including to help us develop content and services we hope you will find of interest or to help these third parties develop their own products and service offerings . This sharing of anonymized or aggregated information will not include information that could be used to individually identify you . Back To Top You can choose to enjoy content and features on CBS Interactive Web Sites without directly providing us with any information about you ; however , as described above , some information may automatically be collected or may be requested so you can take advantage of certain features and services offered on CBS Interactive Web Sites . You can opt out of receiving commercial email or text messages from a particular CBS Interactive Web Site or service by following the instructions contained in any such message . Please note that even if you unsubscribe to commercial messages , we still may need to send you communications relating to your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites , such as service announcements . You have choices about the collection and use of your information by third parties to display relevant advertisements , as described in our overview of Third Party Online Advertising . You also have choices about whether cookies and other similar technologies are placed on your computer or mobile device ; for more information , visit our overview on cookies , web beacons and other technologies ( including Do Not Track ) . You also may choose to opt out of our use of data that we collect about your visits to our business partners ' sites to customize advertising that we serve . To opt out , visit the CBS Interactive Business Partner Advertising Opt-Out page . Back To Top If you choose to share contact information with us , you may have the opportunity to update that information on a CBS Interactive Web Site . You also may update or amend your information by contacting us . If you ask us to shut down your account or delete your information , we will disable your account within a reasonable period of time . Please note that we may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our legal and security obligations . For example , some of your information may remain in back-up storage even if you ask us to delete it . In some cases , you may be entitled under local laws to access or object to the processing of information that we hold relating to you . Back To Top We are committed to protecting your information . We have adopted commercially reasonable technical , administrative , and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss , misuse , unauthorized access , and alteration . Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . We want you to feel confident using CBS Interactive Web Sites but we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us . Please refer to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission 's web site for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft . Back To Top CBS Interactive is headquartered in the United States and has affiliate offices and partners in other countries . Please be aware that information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or another country in accordance with applicable law . The privacy and data protection laws in another country may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence . By using and participating in any CBS Interactive Web Site or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , international transfer , storage , and processing of your information . Back To Top For additional information about CBS Interactive 's privacy practices , as well as our affiliate offices and partners in some of the other countries where we operate , please click on the appropriate link for your jurisdiction : Australia , Canada , the United Kingdom . Back To Top Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which a CBS Interactive Web Site has disclosed certain information during the preceding year for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . If you are a California resident and want such a list , please contact us . For all requests , you must put the statement " Your California Privacy Rights " in the body of your request and include the name of the CBS Interactive Web Site with respect to which you are requesting the information , as well as your name , street address , city , state , and zip code . Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone , mail , or by facsimile , and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or that do not have complete information . Back To Top Most CBS Interactive Web Sites are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13 . Some CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask for a birth date to ensure that they are not collecting information from children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken in connection with information collected from children under 18 . In those instances where a CBS Interactive Web Site has actual knowledge that it collects information from or offers a service directed toward children as defined under applicable laws , it will comply with those laws . To read about our privacy policy for children , please see the Children 's Privacy Policy . Back To Top Some CBS Interactive Web Sites enable users to submit their own content for use in contests , blogs , on-air radio and TV broadcasts , online audio and video streams , videos , message boards , and other functions . Publication of User Generated Content on the CBS Interactive Web Sites is subject to our Terms of Use . Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and exercise caution when deciding to disclose your contact , financial , and other information in a submission . We can not prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy , the law , or your personal privacy and safety . We may also engage a third party to provide some of the services associated with the blogs , message boards and similar functions . This third party will collect and host the information that you submit to the CBS Interactive Web Sites but will not use any of this information for purposes other than providing the service . Back To Top When you select a link to a third party web site from one of the CBS Interactive Web Sites ( for example , if you link to Pay Pal in order to pay for a product or service offered by a CBS Interactive Web Site ) , you will be leaving the CBS Interactive Site . Any information that you disclose on the third party site will be governed by that site 's privacy policy . Back To Top We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings . If we modify our Privacy Policy , we will update the " Effective Date " and such changes will be effective upon posting . If we make any material changes in the way we use your information , we will notify you by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice of the changes on CBS Interactive Web Sites . Back To Top If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us and we will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time . You may also submit questions or comments using the postal address listed below :  CBS Interactive Inc. 235 Second Street San Francisco , CA 94105 Attn : Legal Department For international users , please select this link to find the address of your closest CBS Interactive office . We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern . Back To Top 
Last Revised : April , 2011 Sony Computer Entertainment America LLC ( " SCEA " ) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of all visitors to our websites . This privacy policy is intended to provide you with information on how we collect , use and store the information that you provide to us through our websites so that you can make appropriate choices for sharing information with us . If you have any questions , complaints or comments regarding our online or offline privacy policies , please contact SCEA 's Consumer Services Hotline at 1-800-345-7669 . ESRBThis Privacy Statement and the certification seal located to your right confirms that SCEA is a valid licensee and participating member in the Entertainment Software Rating Board 's Privacy Online Program : ESRB Privacy Online . To protect your privacy to the maximum extent possible , we have undertaken this privacy initiative and our websites have been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Online to meet established online information collection and use practices . As part of the privacy program , we are subject to frequent audits of our sites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB . ESRB Privacy Online is a third-party seal provider whose mission is to protect consumers ' online privacy and make the Internet a secure , reliable and private place to share information and conduct business . ESRB Privacy Online promotes and enforces established principles and guidelines for fair information collection practices that include requirements of full disclosure , notice and informed consent . Whenever you visit a website that displays the ESRB Privacy Online certification seal , you can expect to be notified of : What personal information may be collected and by what means Who , if anyone , is collecting your personal information How this information may be used , including who , if anyone , it might be shared with The consequences , if any , resulting from your refusal to provide personal information How you can access and , if necessary , change the personal information a company maintains How a company ensures data security , quality and integrity Where and how to ask questions or file complaints This policy applies to the websites us.playstation.com and naughtydog.com . In addition , we own several other domain names that point to us.playstation.com . From time to time , we may add new websites not listed above , and will provide a link to this policy or the applicable privacy policy . Finally , we collect information via dynamic in-game advertising that is served to some online PlayStation3 games . By use of our websites and games that have dynamic in-game advertising , you signify your assent to SCEA 's privacy policy . If you do not agree to this policy , please do not use our websites or games with dynamic in-game advertising . PlayStationNetwork In parts of North America and South America , Sony Network Entertainment America Inc . ( SNEA ) operates Sony Online Services , a network of online games , movies , music , other media and content and communication services . PlayStation Network ( PSN ) is one of these Sony Online Services . With a Sony Online Services or Sony Entertainment Network account , users can purchase goods and services from SNEA through Sony Online Services and may have the opportunity to participate in various network community activities . Users can register for and log into a Sony Entertainment Network account via us.playstation.com . Collection and use of your information by Sony Online Services is governed by the SNEA Privacy Policy , which can be found here : http : //www.qriocity.com/us/en/legal-privacy . Links SCEA may provide links to the websites of our promotional partners and licensed software publishers , our affiliates or other entities that we own or control . This privacy policy does not apply to third-party websites and treatment of any personal information you provide on those sites is subject to the applicable third party 's individual privacy policy . Collection of Personal Information through our Websites We do not require that website visitors reveal any personally identifying information in order to gain general access to our websites . However , visitors who do not wish to , or are not allowed by law to share personally identifying information , may not be able to access certain areas of our websites , participate in certain activities , or make a purchase from the PlayStationShop . Although personally identifying information may be required to participate in certain promotions or features offered through our websites or to make a purchase from the PlayStationShop , participants provide this information on a voluntary basis only . Collection of personal information required to access certain website services may include the collection of date of birth , name , mailing address , email address or credit card information . We collect personally identifying information in connection with the following : Questions or comments sent through our websites to Consumer Services Repair of , replacement of or service on system hardware Subscription to a non-PSN marketing program " Send-to-a-Friend " emails Purchases made from the PlayStation Shop Some of our website activities require that the user log in using a PlayStationNetwork ( PSN ) account ; for information regarding SNEA 's collection of information in association with a Sony Entertainment Network account , please see their Privacy Policy http : //www.qriocity.com/us/en/legal-privacy . On our websites , PlayStation Network log in information is being authenticated by SNEA , not SCEA . SCEA may require a Sony Entertainment Network account in connection with : Participation in online contests , sweepstakes or other promotions Inclusion in our email newsletter program Participation on our message boards Access to special sections of official game websites Passive Information Collection SCEA may collect information such as our website visitors ' IP address , IP address-related information , system Media Access Control ( MAC ) address , network configuration information , network device information , browser plug-in types and versions , operating system , and platform . We also may collect information about your download activity , browser activity , forum postings and session information . Dynamic advertisement serving technology enables advertisements to be temporarily loaded or cached to a Sony Entertainment Network account holder 's PS3 system for display only in games that incorporate this technology . If a Sony Entertainment Network account holder plays a game that utilizes this feature , SCEA will log information about his or her system and game play to ensure that advertisements are being appropriately served to him or her and to track information about the advertisements displayed during his or her gaming session . Logged data may include : Online ID , system IP address , system MAC address , in-game advertisement location , the length of time an advertisement was visible , relative size of advertisements , the angle of view and other information related to each advertisement visible during the gaming session . Cookies are bits of electronic information that a website can transfer to a consumer 's hard drive to keep records of his or her visit at the website . We may use cookies to improve consumers ' experiences when visiting our websites . We may use cookies to anonymously track interest in , and collect aggregate information on , our websites . Log files are files that log actions that have occurred on a website . We may use log files to gather statistics about consumers ' browsing habits and to assess overall website activity , including how many " hits " a particular web page is getting . These entries are generated anonymously , and enable us to track interest in specific promotions , troubleshoot technical concerns , and provide consumers with content that may be of interest to them . We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the online services we provide to consumers . Log files are used internally only , and are not associated with any particular user , computer , or browser . Our websites use a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes , including Web beacons . Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of websites . We also use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our websites , such as the frequency with which consumers visit various parts of our websites . These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf . We also use these technical methods in HTML emails that we send our guests to determine whether our consumers have opened those emails or clicked on links in those emails . The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is personally identifiable . Information from PlayStation Network SNEA shares its Sony Entertainment Network account holders ' information with us so that we may provide you with marketing and community services . Personally identifying information that we collect for a particular promotional purpose through one of our websites or to make a purchase from the PlayStation Shop is saved and used only for that purpose , unless the participant chooses to opt-in to one of our marketing programs . Visitors to our websites may be given the opportunity to " opt-in " to two different programs . The first option is to receive marketing content from SCEA . The second is to have personal information shared with SCEA 's third party partners so that they may send you marketing materials . Consumers who voluntarily provide personally identifying information via our website for purposes of receiving marketing materials or who opt-in to receiving marketing materials when they register a Network Adaptor ( Ethernet/Modem ) ( for PlayStation2 ) or PlayStation2 with integrated network and line connectors for online gaming through the Online Start-Up Disc , become members of our marketing program . By logging in as a Sony Entertainment Network account holder on our websites , consumers consent to having information regarding their activities added to their customer profile , whether information regarding those activities comes from SCEA internal sources , Sony-related entities or affiliated sources . We may give Sony Entertainment Network account holders the opportunity to provide information about themselves and will from time to time conduct surveys or questionnaires for members to provide feedback and additional information . This information allows us to provide those Sony Entertainment Network account holders with information about our products that best suits their interests and to customize their experience . Data that we have collected about a Sony Entertainment Network account holder via dynamic in-game advertising may be used to provide him or her with future advertisements that we believe will be of particular interest . Email addresses collected from consumers during the use of the E-Cards or " Send-to-a-Friend " email feature on our websites are not retained by us , and are only used to send a one-time email notification on a consumer 's behalf . SCEA may use personally identifying information for marketing and demographic studies . These studies help us improve our websites , products and services to better meet our users ' needs . SCEA 's consumer services department maintains information obtained from consumers who contact or submit an online complaint so that we may assist these customers with current or future service issues . SCEA 's consumer services department may collect additional information such as credit card , personal check information , if a consumer contacts consumer services to request repair of , exchange of , or service on , a PlayStation system . Consumer Services uses this information only for payment and payment verification purposes . SCEA 's consumer services department may direct consumers to the consumer services departments of other companies with whom SCEA has arranged to provide consumer service , so that the consumer receives appropriate assistance . We may use personally identifying information and records for defense of a lawsuit , investigation or other action if such personally identifying information , records or profiles are relevant to the lawsuit , investigation or action . We may share the personally identifying information of our website users with our affiliates in the Sony group family of companies and other third parties who assist us with fulfilling your requests , clear and verify transactions , deliver and administer products , content or services , manage and enhance customer data , store and maintain our database records , provide customer service , detect fraud or illegal activities , conduct customer research and surveys , develop new products and services and sell products and services to you . SCEA may also share personally identifying information with law enforcement or similar organizations , in connection with a criminal investigation , investigation or prevention of fraud or criminal activities , infringement of intellectual property rights or other activity that is suspected to be illegal or may expose our users or SCEA to legal liability . We may share non-personally identifying information and behavioral data from our studies with our affiliates and other third parties . Data logged via PS3 dynamic in-game advertising or some portion of it will be shared with third party companies that operate the advertisement serving technology , and these companies may share aggregated data ( meaning data that includes data about a Sony Entertainment Network account holder 's gaming session but is not specific to him or her ) with advertisers and game publishers . We do not control our affiliates ' or third parties ' use of your information after we share it , but we use reasonable efforts to obtain our affiliates ' and third parties ' agreement to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of any personal information we share with them or that we permit them to collect directly . If consumers do not want their personal information made available to others in these ways , they should not provide their personal information to us . Beginning on January 1 , 2005 , California Civil Code section 1798.83 permits SCEA customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding SCEA 's disclosure within the immediately preceding calendar year of that California resident 's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . To make such a request , contact our consumer services department through the following link : http : //us.playstation.com/corporate/contactus or via telephone at 1-800-345-7669 . If you would like to change your current account preferences , go to the account management section of your Sony Online Services account . SCEA does not knowingly collect personally identifying information from children under 13 years of age via our websites . Data from Sony Online Services accounts is transferred from SNEA to SCEA for community administration and , depending on your child 's age , marketing purposes . Our PlayStation website message boards are a place where users can go to freely share their thoughts and ideas about the PlayStation brand . A Sony Entertainment Network account is required to contribute to these message boards . We prohibit message board participants from disclosing their own personally identifying information other than their own Online IDs . We ask our users to respect the privacy of others . Disclosure of phone numbers , addresses , age or other personally identifying information that may violate someone else 's privacy is prohibited . Encouraging or asking users to disclose publicly their personally identifying information is also prohibited . Through our job page at http : //us.playstation.com/corporate/about/careers , SCEA allows job seekers to inquire about jobs and submit personally identifying information in connection with applying for employment . If a job seeker creates a job profile , he or she will be asked to provide an email address and create a password . He or she can use that email address and password to access his or her account , review the information in his or her profile , edit or delete his or her profile at any time . We treat personally identifying information submitted to us for business purposes differently from information we receive in a non-business capacity . We may share resumes or potential developer contact information submitted to us , for example , with other Sony companies or third parties , depending on the nature of the inquiry . We take reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of the personal information collected from our website visitors . Personal information is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public and that are only accessible to authorized employees . We also have security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control . Unfortunately , there is no such thing as perfect security . As a result , although we strive to protect personally identifying information , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us through or in connection with our websites , that we store on our systems or that is stored on our service providers ' systems . SCEA operates in parts of North and South America but this site is intended for consumers in the United States . When we process personal data and information and personally identifying information in the United States , we follow United States data protection and privacy regulations , which may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world , such as the European Union . If we are made aware that a consumer 's country of residence is outside the United States , that consumer will be directed to the appropriate Sony company . In the event that SCEA sells or transfers its business or its business is acquired , our website visitors ' stored personally identifying information may be transferred to the purchasing or acquiring entity . Please be aware that accepting this privacy policy means that you also consent to the possible transfer of your personally identifying information outside your country of residence . We will retain personally identifying information about you for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy unless a longer retention period is required by law or regulations . We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time . If we make a material change to this privacy policy , we will notify you by posting notice of the change on www.us.playstation.com or on our other websites . We will post the changes in the privacy policy and , if necessary , give you additional choices regarding changes . Please check this privacy policy from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes . Your continued use of our websites or other SCEA online portals subject to this privacy policy will signify your acceptance of privacy policy changes . For further information on our privacy policy , or for questions on information that we may have collected from you , please contact us by either of the following methods and we will be happy to review , update , or change your record status as appropriate : Sony Computer Entertainment America LLC Consumer Services Department P.O . Box 5888 San Mateo , California , 94402-0888 United States of America On the web : http : //us.playstation.com/corporate/contactus By Phone : 1-800-345-7669 ESRB SCEA is a licensee of the ESRB 's Privacy Online Program . If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please contact ESRB at http : //www.esrb.org/privacy/contact.jsp ESRB Attn. : Privacy Online Program 317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor New York , NY 10017 privacy @ esrb.org 
PRIVACY POLICY Last Modified : December 3 , 2012 Riot Games , Inc. , a Delaware corporation , its subsidiary , Riot Games , Ltd. , an Irish limited company , and its other subsidiaries ( collectively , hereinafter referred to as " us , " " we , " or " Riot Games " ) are committed to respecting the privacy rights of the customers , visitors , and other users of Riot Games ' free-to-play computer game , League of Legends ( the Game ) and its related websites , including http : //na.leagueoflegends.com , http : //euw.leagueoflegends.com , and http : //eune.leagueoflegends.com ( collectively , the Site ) . We created this Privacy Policy ( this " Policy " ) to give you , the user , confidence as you visit and use the Site or the Game , and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy . By visiting the Site or using the Game , you consent to our collection , use , storage , deletion and disclosure of information relating to you as set forth in this Policy . This Policy is only applicable to the Site and the Game , and not to any other third-party websites that you may be able to access from the Site , each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy . Riot Games has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us at privacy @ riotgames.com . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . Riot Games complies with the U.S. - EU Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from the European Union member countries and Switzerland . Riot Games has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Riot Games ' certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor . A . What Basic Information Does Riot Games Collect ? We typically collect personal information that you provide to us on a voluntary basis , and you may visit areas on the Site without choosing to do so . However , in order to use certain parts of the Site and/or log-on to play the Game , you will be required to create an account by providing us your email address and selecting a unique username and password ( an Account ) . For age verification purposes , we also ask for your birthday during the Account creation process . In the course of maintaining your Account , you might also be asked to participate in online surveys about the Game , or in other Game-related promotional contests , participation in which is entirely voluntary . You might also desire to contact our customer support team via the Support tab found on the Site . In participating in such promotional activities or in contacting customer support , you might be requested to provide additional information beyond your email address , including your name , full address and phone number . In operating the Site or otherwise offering the Game , we might also request other information from you , including hardware specs , software performance metrics , game experience , refer-a-friend , and other demographic information that might be associated with your personal information , such as your gender , hobbies , occupation , platform preferences , and other game ownership information . Please note that in utilizing certain areas of the Site ( e.g. purchasing merchandise ) or the Game ( e.g. purchasing Riot Points ) , you will be requested to provide additional information in order to complete a purchase , such as your name , full address , phone number , internet protocol address ( for fraud tracking purposes ) and credit card information or other payment information depending on payment method selected . In most instances , information provided for payment purposes will also be shared with a third party payment provider , depending on the payment method used . Please see Section IV below regarding how third parties working on behalf of Riot Games use your personal information . In the event that you choose to create an Account and play the Game , we also collect certain information regarding your in-Game performance and/or interactions with other users ( e.g. , wins / losses , recent champions played , average number of kills / deaths etc. ) . These statistics are associated with your in-Game Summoner name and are publicly accessible by members of the Riot Games community . In addition , we may share your in-Game statistics with third parties in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Policy . To be clear , no personal information about you , such as your email address , username , IP address , or other sensitive information , will be shared as a part of this process . Refer-a-Friend If you choose to use our referral service to refer a friend to our Site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address . We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site . Riot Games stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program . You or your friend may contact us at privacy @ riotgames.com to request that we remove this information from our database . B . What Additional Information Does Riot Games Collect ? ( 1 ) AUTOMATIC COLLECTION . Our servers automatically recognize visitors ' domain names and internet protocol ( IP ) addresses ( the number assigned to computers on the Internet ) . In addition , your web browser or Game software may transmit to Riot Games certain geographic information or other information regarding your computer , including its capabilities , hardware specs and game data processing . No personal information about you is revealed in this process . The Site may also gather anonymous " traffic data " that does not personally identify you , but that may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer . ( 2 ) COOKIES . From time to time , we may use the standard " cookies " feature of major browser applications that allows us to store a small piece of data on your computer about your visit to the Site . While we do not set any personally identifiable information in cookies , cookies help us learn which areas of the Site are useful and which areas need improvement . You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser . However , if you choose to disable this function , your experience at the Site may be diminished and some features may not work as they were intended . ( 3 ) WEB BEACONS . Our Site pages contain electronic images known as Web beacons ( sometimes called single-pixel gifs ) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our Site is used and may be used in some of our emails and online advertising to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients . This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns . C . What Does Riot Games Do With Collected Information ? ( 1 ) PERSONAL INFORMATION . We will not share your personal information with any third parties without your consent , except as necessary to provide you with the services offered by us , to comply with the law or as otherwise described in this Policy . We may use your personal information to verify your identity or to check your qualifications , to inform you of any changes to the Site or Game , or to send you additional information about Riot Games . We may also use your information to contact you should we believe that you are in violation of the Terms of Use Agreement ( Terms of Use ) or the End User License Agreement ( EULA ) . ( 2 ) ANONYMOUS INFORMATION . We use anonymous information to analyze the Site traffic , but we do not examine this information for individually identifying information . In addition , we may use anonymous IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our servers , to administer the Site , or to display the content according to your preferences . Traffic and transaction information may also be shared with business partners and advertisers on an aggregate and anonymous basis . ( 3 ) USE OF COOKIES . We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests , to save your password so you do n't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site , or for other purposes . Promotions or advertisements displayed on the Site may contain cookies . We do not have access to or control over information collected by outside advertisers on the Site . ( 4 ) COMPELLED DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION . We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to ( a ) comply with requirements of the law or comply with legal process served on Riot Games or its parent company , subsidiaries or affiliates , ( b ) protect and defend the rights or property of Riot Games or the users of the Site or Game , or ( c ) act under unusual , extraordinary or emergency circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Site or Game . ( 5 ) SALE OF INFORMATION . In order to accommodate changes in our business , we may sell or buy portions of our company or other companies or assets , including the information collected through the Site or otherwise collected in connection with the Game . If Riot Games or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information and personal information will be one of the assets transferred to the acquirer . Should such an event occur , we will use reasonable means to notify you , either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Site . ( 6 ) ACCESS TO INFORMATION . You are able to review and request changes to your Account information within the Site at www.leagueoflegends.com/account . Unfortunately , we do not maintain similar procedures within the Game software , and you must visit the Site to take such actions . You may also request that we remove all information about you from our database by contacting us in accordance with Section VII.A below . D. Notice Concerning Children PLEASE NOTE : We are a general audience site , and do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 13 years of age . The Site and the Game are not intended for children under the age of 13 . We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children 's privacy online , and as such do not knowingly collect any personal information from any user under age 13 . If we learn or have reason to suspect that a Site or Game user is under age 13 , we will promptly delete any personal information in that user 's Account . The Site and the Game have security measures in place to help protect against the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information that we obtain from you . We store your personal information on our servers , which are located in secured facilities with restricted access , and protected by protocols and procedures designed to protect the security of such information . In addition , we restrict access to personal information to Riot Games employees , independent contractors and agents who need to know this information in order to develop , operate and maintain the Site and the Game . All Riot Games personnel who have access to this information are trained in the maintenance and security of such information . However , no server , computer or communications network or system , or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . As a result , while we strive to protect user information , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us through the use of the Game or the Site and we make no assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss or misuse to you or to any third party . You acknowledge and agree that you provide such information and engage in such transmissions at your own risk . When you enter sensitive information ( such as a credit card number ) on our order forms , we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) . A. Public Forums and In-Game Chat Text The Site includes a section for interactive forums in the form of message boards ( the Forums ) to which users with an Account and an in-Game Summoner name may post . Additionally , within the Game , you can participate in real-time interactive chat ( Chat ) with other players . Please remember that any information that is disclosed in the Forums or Chat becomes public information in which you relinquish any expectation of privacy . Remember that Riot Games asks that you not disclose any personal information when posting in the Forums or in Chat , and you should exercise caution when deciding what information to share . We reserve the right , but shall have no obligation , to monitor your use of the Forums or Chat . To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum , contact us at privacy @ riotgames.com . In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why . B . Third Party Websites The Site contains links to other websites . If you choose to visit other websites , we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those other websites , and it is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies . We may share your personal information with service providers that we engage for the purpose of processing information on our and your behalf , such as to fulfill product orders , collect billing information and process payments . While providing services for us , these companies may access your personal information . To the extent applicable , we require these entities to comply with this Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures . Some of the pages within the Site utilize masking techniques to serve content to you from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our Site . Please be aware that you are providing your personal information to these third parties , and are doing so pursuant to the third party 's privacy policy . Riot Games has empowered its community of users ( the Community ) to police the compliance of other users with Riot Games ' policies as they apply to in-Game behavior . Community members , including you as a user , are allowed to report players and submit descriptions of activity and actions of certain users within the Game , and collectively determine if that particular user was in compliance with all of the Riot Games policies relating to user conduct . Consistent with the terms of The Riot Games Tribunal Policy , all Chat will be recorded by Riot Games and stored for a period determined by Riot Games in its sole discretion , which period Riot Games may change from time to time . Should your in-Game actions be reported by another user , and should your case come before The Tribunal , the entire Chat log from that particular reported Game session will automatically be included in The Tribunal report and available for viewing by randomly selected members of the Community that participate in The Tribunal . As stated above , please take care to not provide any personally identifiable information in the Chat , understanding that the Chat is public information in which you do not have an expectation of privacy . Notwithstanding the above , Riot Games will not use any personally identifiable information that might appear within the Chat for any purposes whatsoever , beyond the automatic posting of the Chat log to the Tribunal report . VI . DISPUTE RESOLUTION A. Dispute Resolution Outside The European Union If you are a resident of any country not a current member of the European Union , you agree that should any dispute or claim arise out of , or relate to , this Policy ( Claim ) , you will attempt in good faith to negotiate a written resolution of the Claim directly with us . You agree that if the matter remains unresolved for thirty ( 30 ) days after one party has provided written notice of the Claim to the other party , all parties shall join in mediation services in Los Angeles , California with a mutually agreed mediator in an attempt to resolve the dispute . Should you file any arbitration claims , or any administrative or legal actions without first having attempted to resolve the matter by mediation , then you agree that you will not be entitled to recover attorneys ' fees , even if you would otherwise be entitled to them . Riot Games will send its notice to the address we have on file to the extent that you have provided additional contact information to us ( e.g. by participating in a promotional or survey , or contacting a customer services representative ) . Otherwise , we will send our notice to the email address associated with your Account . You will send your notice to Riot Games , Inc. , 2450 Broadway St. , Santa Monica , CA , 90404 , Attn : Legal Department . Please note that this informal resolution procedure does not suspend any statutory limitation periods applicable to the bringing of a Claim . If you are a resident of a country that is a current member of the European Union and have questions or concerns regarding this Policy , you should first contact Riot Games by mail at 2450 Broadway St. , Santa Monica , CA , 90404 , or by email at privacy @ riotgames.com . If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by Internet at http : //www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php , by mail at WatchDog Complaints , TRUSTe , 55 Second Street , 2nd Floor , San Francisco , CA , USA 94105 , by phone at 415-520-3400 , or by fax at 415-520-3420 . If you are mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : the name of company , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information , and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company . For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe 's dispute resolution process , see http : //www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above . The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English . A. Contacting Us If you have any questions about this Policy , our practices regarding your personal information related to the Site or Game , or if you would like to have us remove your information from our database and deactivate your Account , please feel contact us at privacy @ riotgames.com . If your personally identifiable information changes , or if you no longer desire our service , you may correct , update or amend it by making the change on our member information page located at www.leagueoflegends.com/account , or by emailing our Privacy Customer Support at privacy @ riotgames.com , or by contacting us by postal mail at the contact information listed below . We will respond to your request to access within 30 days . Please note that the deletion of your data will lead to the termination of your Account and applicable services . However , also note that when you delete your Account , we may retain your Account information for a reasonable period of time afterward for the purpose of internal account management and fraud prevention activities . Newsletters If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter ( s ) , we will use your Summoner name and email address to send the newsletter to you . You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at privacy @ riotgames.com . B. Updates and Changes We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices . If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective . We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices . BY USING THE SITE AND/OR THE GAME , YOU SIGNIFY THAT YOU HAVE READ , UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY . IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE OR THE GAME . C. Additional Policies There are additional Riot Games legal policies that govern your use of the Site and the Game . Please take time to review and familiarize yourself with both the Terms of Use and the EULA . Riot Games : 2450 Broadway St. , Santa Monica , CA 90404 , or by email at privacy @ riotgames.com 
Miniclip Privacy Policy Last updated : 26th June 2013 Miniclip is committed to providing fun and exciting digital entertainment across all its products and services , such as Miniclip.com ( and its related sub-sites ) and all applications available on smartphone devices , tablets , browser and desktop ( together , the " Services " ) . Miniclip.com is the property of Miniclip SA ( " Miniclip " ) . Miniclip respects the privacy concerns of all users of its Services . Miniclip does not target its Services to users under the age of 13 , but does take measures to help protect the privacy of those who are . By using the Services you agree to observe and be bound by this Privacy Policy and you consent to the processing , collection , use and disclosure of your information and data in accordance with its terms . Please do not use the Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy . In this Privacy Policy ' non-personal data ' means data we may collect from you but which does not identify you directly . This data may be ' aggregated ' with other data to help us improve our Services and otherwise in accordance with our Privacy Policy . We take special precautions respecting users under the age of 13 . If a user chooses to register , they can input a date of birth , username and email address to set up an account . The under-13 user 's account is limited to participating in those aspects of the Services that are deemed to be appropriate for users under 13 ; features of our Services that may involve the possibility of posting personal information , such as comments , are automatically disabled . Immediately upon registration , the under-13 user 's email address is turned into an encrypted format , a " one way hash " , which we ca n't read and which is used to authenticate the user login process . We do not permanently store the email addresses of users under 13 in a recoverable format and , because we do not retain the email addresses of under-13 users in a usable form after initial registration , we have no means of initiating contact with such users by email after registration . The user name of registered users under 13 is not used as a means to contact such users . We do not collect more personal data than is necessary to respond to a question or one-off request from a user under 13 , to provide parental notice or to obtain parental consent , nor do we distribute to third parties any personal information collected from children known to be under 13 without parental consent . Parents are invited to review their children 's information by contacting us as described below . If you are 13 years of age or older and you choose to register to use the Services we will collect your date of birth , username , password and email address and we may collect other information such as your smartphone device type . We may also collect non-personal data from registered users . For instance , we may collect data relating to registered users ' use of the website and the Services , as well as that relating to their activities , such as high scores , game rankings , league rankings , game challenges , avatars etc . We may log IP addresses and drop cookies or flash cookies to support the internal operations of the Services , such as to prevent abuse of the Services or to provide and/or enhance them . Please note that IP addresses , if logged , are neither stored nor linked to any user account . We may also collect anonymous , statistical data from users of the Services , such as a user 's browser version , operating system version , country , page loading time , type of device , number of visits , time using the Services , network , demographic estimates , flow-through the website and/or Services or referral source , which may then be aggregated . We may use non-personal data that we collect from you to improve the Services or to support advertising services . For registered users , this anonymous , statistical data may include that relating to their activities , such as high scores , game rankings , league rankings , game challenges , avatars etc . If you register to use the Services via Facebook Connect , a service which you need to be over 13 years of age to use , you give us express permission to receive data from Facebook such as your name , user ID , gender , location ( country and/or city specific ) , email address , date of birth and avatar . For Facebook Connect users we store the following information : user ID , first name , email address , date of birth , gender , avatar and other information based on your use of our Services . Your email address and the access token ( by which Facebook grants us permission to access certain information ) are encrypted . If , as a registered user , you choose to purchase any items while using the Services on Miniclip.com or elsewhere , we will be able to access your payment information which is collected by our payment processing providers who ensure your credit card information is encrypted . Miniclip does not store your credit card information . When using our smartphone applications certain features like our newsfeed may collect additional non-personal data from you including , without limitation , device , platform , hashed MAC address , device operating system version and/or generated device identifier information ; this data is used to support internal operations only . We may collect country and/or city information so that we can send push notifications at more convenient times . If you would like to opt out of these notifications , you can disable notifications to the relevant app using the settings in your smartphone . Please contact support @ miniclip.com for more information on how to control access to your information . Miniclip does not require users under 13 years of age to disclose any more information than is reasonably necessary to use the Services and/or as a condition of participation . We do not retain any personal data for longer than necessary . We may use information to ensure that users are in compliance with our terms . By using the Services and agreeing to this Privacy Policy , users over 13 years of age authorise us to use their information for our general commercial purposes including to send email , SMS or other notifications to them relating to the Services . We may sometimes use information that we collect to improve the design and content of the Services , to customize our Services or to personalise our visitors ' experience or to offer products , advertising , programs and services . We may also use this information in the aggregate to analyse usage of the Services or to offer products , programs , or additional services . Miniclip may disclose information to third parties in special cases , such as ( 1 ) when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with Miniclip 's property , visitors , or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities or to comply with the law , applicable regulations , governmental and quasi-governmental requests , court orders or subpoenas ; ( 2 ) our agents , outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf ( e.g. , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , providing customer service , processing orders , etc. ) ; ( 3 ) when the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you ; ( 4 ) if the disclosure is done as part of a purchase , transfer or sale of services or assets ( e.g. , in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party , customer information may be one of the transferred assets ) ; or ( 5 ) as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy . We do not disclose personal data of users under 13 years of age to any third parties . We use Google Adsense and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads and/or provide aggregated data to assist in serving ads when you visit Miniclip.com . We use web analytics tools , such as Google Analytics , to analyse the use of the Services . Miniclip may use information about your use of the Services in order to provide advertisements for goods and services that may be of interest to you . We may also share non-personal information that we collect from you with our business partners or clients so that they may improve their services . Third party companies , including those whose games run on Miniclip.com , may ask for information from you which would be governed by the privacy policy of such companies ; in which case they should provide adequate disclosure of their privacy policies to you . We advise you to take care when any company or third party game provider asks you to input personal data . Third parties ( including ad networks , ad exchanges , advertisers and/or game developers whose games can be found on the Site but which are hosted on servers elsewhere ) and/or Miniclip may be placing and reading standard and/or flash cookies on your browser and machine , or using web beacons to collect non-personal information in the course of your use of the Services . You may manage or opt out of your flash cookies by emailing support @ miniclip.com . You may manage or opt out of your standard cookies via your web browser and if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please email us at support @ miniclip.com . While using the Services you may be able to connect to social networking sites or find games and products of other companies . Please note that your use of these other companies ' services , such as Facebook Connect or Club Penguin , will be governed by the relevant operator 's terms and conditions and privacy policy . If you would like to delete , amend or update your data or the way we may use it , including opting out of any marketing emails then please do email us at support @ miniclip.com . In our provision of the Services we have implemented appropriate physical , electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorised access , maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect online . We use industry-standard practices such as encryption , physically secured rooms , firewalls and password protection systems to safeguard the confidentiality of any personal information that we might collect from you . We also strive to limit access to personal information to employees performing a legitimate business function . We review our security procedures periodically to consider appropriate new technology and updated methods . Parents , if you would like to review your child 's information , ask to have it deleted , and/or refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child 's information , then please send a letter to our Privacy Manager at Miniclip S.A. , Rue des Beaux-Arts 8 , 2000 , Neuchtel , Switzerland . Please be sure to include your email address and a telephone number where we can reach you . Our phone number is +41 327 235902 . To protect your child 's privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting you access to the information that we collect and maintain about your child . This Privacy Policy is part of Miniclip 's Terms and Conditions to which you agree by using the Services , including accessing the Miniclip.com website . You agree that Miniclip may change this Privacy Policy and the Miniclip Terms and Conditions at any time . Our current Privacy Policy will be posted here : http : //www.miniclip.com/privacy as part of our Terms and Conditions which you can find here : http : //www.miniclip.com/games/page/en/terms-and-conditions . Our contact email for questions is : support @ miniclip.com . Or you can write to us at Miniclip S.A. , Rue des Beaux-Arts 8 , 2000 , Neuchtel , Switzerland . Miniclip recommends that parents take time to communicate and educate their children about Internet Safety . Please see the Miniclip Internet Safety webpage for information on Internet Safety : http : //www.miniclip.com/games/page/en/internet-safety/ 
If you 're reading this , it 's because you want to know what information we , Kongregate , Inc. , are collecting on www.kongregate.com or from Kongregate mobile games , what we 're doing with it , and what your options are . If you have any questions or concerns after reading this , please email us at privacy @ kongregate.com . This Privacy Policy applies to the Kongregate website located at www.kongregate.com ( Site ) and to all mobile games published by Kongregate ( Mobile Applications ) . It also applies to information we collect about you offline , such as in telephone calls or through email correspondence . By accessing the Site and/or the Mobile Applications , you agree to and accept this Privacy Policy . This privacy policy is effective as of July 1 , 2013 . In the future , our Site or Mobile Application practices may change , and if appropriate , we will revise this Privacy Policy to reflect the changes , and you agree that the information we collect will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collect that information . We 'll post the updated version here and may contact you with notices concerning our Privacy Policy . In addition , we suggest that you review this Privacy Policy periodically , as it may be updated from time to time . Information You Provide on Site : You provide certain personally identifiable information ( such as your name and email address ) to Kongregate when choosing to participate in various activities on the Site such as chat , posting messages in the games comment section or in our forums , sending feedback , entering contests , responding to surveys , or subscribing to newsletters or other mailing lists . Such information , and additional information ( such as address and credit or debit card information ) may be collected when uploading a game , or making a purchase . You may choose to disclose information about yourself in our online chat rooms , forums , game comments or in creating user " profiles " . Information that you disclose in these areas is public information , and will be accessible to anyone who uses our Site . However , you may choose to have your profile page be public or private . In the case where you chose to make your profile page private , the information there ( including challenges won , " my friends " list , etc. )  will only be visible to you . Other Site Information We Track : This Site uses passive tracking technologies to log information such as IP address , browser type , pages visited , and Site usage ( for example : what pages are accessed , how often , referring/exit pages and URLs ) . We may also employ " cookies " or similar technologies such as web beacons , match scripts , or pixel tags that provide additional functionality to the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately . You can set your browser to reject cookies , but if you do , some features on our Site will not function normally . Invite a Friend : You may invite friends to join the Kongregate community by using the " invite a friend " feature . You will be required to submit your name and email address , as well as their name and email address . Your friend 's personal information that you submit in this feature will be used only to send the email you request , and will not be otherwise stored or maintained by Kongregate . Information You Provide via Mobile Applications : You may have the option to link your Mobile account to your Site account in certain Mobile Applications . This will allow you to participate in content that crosses between the Site and Mobile games , such as Kongregate level points and badges . If you choose this linking option the information we receive via the Site may also apply to Mobile Applications , and information we receive via your Mobile account may also apply to your usage of the Site and your Site account . Information We Receive Through Mobile Applications : If you play a Kongregate game on a mobile device ( such as your phone or tablet ) we can collect mobile device identifiers that can include things like your MAC address and IP address . We may also collect information such as device name and type , operating system , telephone number , country , and any other information you choose to provide such as your game character name or e-mail address . Additionally , we may access third party information such as your phone or Facebook contacts provided you allow your device to connect to services and you have given the application permission to access this information . We may only collect this information with your authorization and according to the rules you have established within your device permissions . Mobile Application Notifications : With your consent , Kongregate mobile applications may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game information , news , updates , or other relevant information . You can manage these updates from the options ' or settings ' page from within the Mobile Application or from your device control panel that manages these notifications . Do Not Track : Do Not Track ( DNT ) is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers , allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services . At the present time , the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals , and , therefore , Kongregate does not recognize DNT . We use the information we collect from the Site and Mobile Applications to respond to your requests and provide customer service , to remit revenue share payments , process credit card payments , let you know about new games and other news from Kongregate , ask for your input and feedback on what we are doing , provide personalized services and recommendations , to make certain offers available that we believe may be of interest to you , and as may otherwise be described in this Privacy Policy or at the time that we collect information from you . We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally identifiable Site usage data to improve the quality and design of the Site and Mobile Applications , to make certain offers and available that we believe may be of interest to you,and to create new features , promotions , and services by storing , tracking , and analyzing user preferences and trends . We may also combine the information you submit to us with information we have collected from you in other forums , such as through emails or offline , or with publicly available information or information we obtain from third parties . When so combined , we or our business partners may use the combined information to make offers to you that we believe may be of interest to you . As part of our regular business conduct , we may share information with companies or individuals providing services or acting on our behalf , such as companies providing technological or fulfillment services or acting as our marketing partners . In the event that there is a change of corporate ownership , the new owners will of course be provided with our files , including information you have submitted . We will provide information in response to subpoenas , and we also will share information with government officials , including law enforcement officials or court authorities , in order to initiate or cooperate with any law enforcement or governmental investigation . Unless we tell you first ( such as at the time we collect information from you ) , or unless it is part of a specific program or feature in which you have elected to participate , we do not share personally identifiable information that we have collected ( such as name or email address ) with other , third-party companies for their own commercial or marketing purposes . From time to time we may include at the Site or on Mobile Applications links to other websites as a service to you . The third party sites are operated by companies that are outside of our control , and your activities at those sites will be governed by the policies and practices of those third parties . We encourage you to review the privacy practices of these third parties before disclosing any personally identifiable information , as we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites . We sometimes work with third parties to add features , advertisements , or offers to our Site or Mobile Applications . These third parties may place cookies on your browser when you visit certain pages , or collect cookies that they have previously placed , along with the URL of the page you visited . We may have to pass these providers a non-personally identifiable user number specific to your Mobile Application to properly credit your account . Additionally , both the Site and Mobile Applications may utilize third party tracking services to anonymously analyze your usage activity , which will be used to improve your Site or Mobile Application experience . We do not control those third parties or their use of data . In some cases we may provide tools for you to limit data sent to third parties . This privacy policy does not cover those third parties ' use of data . To personalize the Site , and to simplify the registration process , we give you the option to link your account with Facebook . When you link your account , Facebook may share data about you with us , and we may share information about you with Facebook . In addition , Kongregate users who are your friends on Facebook will be shown your Kongregate username if you have both linked your Facebook accounts . For more detail on how this feature works , please see our FAQ . We use standard and reasonable technological and procedural measures to protect the information you provide . We urge you to protect your password by not sharing it with anyone else , and to take measures to prevent it from unauthorized access or disclosure . For example , select number and letter combinations that would be difficult for a third party ( or hacking program ) to determine , and do not write down your password next to your computer . To learn more about how to protect yourself online , we encourage you to visit the government 's website at www.onguardonline.gov . The Site and Mobile Applications are designed for and directed at people 18 years of age or older . We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 . If Kongregate learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online in contravention of these measures , it will terminate access to the account immediately and will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose ( except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or other as required or allowed by law ) . If you become aware of any personal information we have collected from children under 13 , please contact us at privacy @ kongregate.com . For additional tips on how to help children stay safe on the Internet , we recommend that you visit the following sites :  www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens.html www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/tech/tec14.shtm http : //www.onguardonline.gov/features/feature-0002-featured-info-parents If you are receiving Kongregate email advertisements and no longer wish to receive those email messages , you may opt out at the time you receive the message by following the instructions in that email . Please allow ten ( 10 ) days for your request to be processed . If you wish to review and edit or delete information you have provided to Kongregate , you may access your account information on the Site at any time by clicking on your username at the top of the Site homepage . If you do not agree with the privacy practices described in this Privacy Policy , it may be best to limit your level of interaction with our Site or Mobile Applications , which could include simply not providing us with personal information . While this will limit the services that our Site and Mobile Applications are able to provide ( chat , friends lists , challenges , etc. ) , most of the games will remain playable . This option may be best for those who do not wish to provide the mandatory information required to set up an account . For questions or concerns regarding the use of personal information you submit to us , please contact us at privacy @ kongregate.com . 
ELECTRONIC ARTS PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY Effective Date : June 28 , 2013 By registering for an Origin Account ( formerly known as an EA Account ) ( " Account " ) , using this site and/or any of EA 's online or mobile products and services , you agree to EA 's Privacy Policy and that we may transfer and store your information in the USA . By registering , you agree that EA may process your data in accordance with the following privacy policy and that you will abide by EA 's Terms of Service . IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY EA SITE , ONLINE OR MOBILE PRODUCT OR SERVICE . If we change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , the home page or other places so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it . We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently . If we make material or significant changes to this policy or the way we use your child 's information , we will notify you or the parent/guardian here , by email , or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the changes taking effect . Your continued use of our online and mobile products and services will signify your acceptance of the changes to our online Privacy Policy . TABLE OF CONTENTS I. EA Online And Mobile Privacy Policy : Introduction II . EA 's Site Is TRUSTe Certified III . What Is Personal Information And When Does EA Collect It ? IV . What Is Non-Personal Information And When Does EA Collect It ? V . Information Provided to EA By Third Parties . VI . What Happens To The Information EA Collects ? VII . Where Is The Information Held ? VIII . How Does EA Protect Your Personal Information ? IX . Review , Correction of Your Information , Requesting Removal From Mailing Lists And Deactivating Your Account X. A Special Note About Children XI . Public Information Including User Generated Content , Online Forums , Blogs And Profiles XII . Third Party Sites XIII . Products Offered In Partnership With Third Party ( s ) XIV . Contact Information XV . California Residents : Your California Privacy Rights XVI . Dispute Resolution By Binding Arbitration EA and its subsidiary companies know that you care how information about you is used and shared , and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly . We respect the privacy rights of consumers and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected about you . We have adopted this global online Privacy Policy to explain how we store and use personal and non-personal information we collect online on our websites , during your use of our online products and/or services ( including online game play ) and on mobile platforms . This policy does not cover information provided online in response to job postings . Please review the EA Jobs Data Privacy Statement on EA 's jobs site at www.jobs.ea.com for further information . If you reside in the United States , Canada or Japan , these terms are an agreement between you and Electronic Arts Inc . If you reside in any other country , then these terms are an agreement between you and Electronic Arts Swiss Srl . This policy also applies to TRUSTe certified EA Websites . To view a list of these Validated EA Websites , please visit www.TRUSTe.com . In addition , EA owns several other domain names that point to the websites referenced above . We may also add new sites that are subject to this privacy policy and that list will be updated to include those . Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by EA , and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link . EA complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of data from European Union member countries and Switzerland . EA has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view EA 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor . EA has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's Privacy Program Requirements available at truste.com including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . EA collects both personal and non-personal consumer information . Personal information collected by EA is discussed below in this section . Non-personal information is discussed below in Section IV . Personal information is information that identifies you and that can be used alone , to contact you on-line or off-line . EA may collect personal information from our online visitors during :  - Contest registration and prize acceptance ; - Warranty registration and requests ; - Customer support and/or technical service requests ; - Player match up and other head-to-head online competitions ; - Registration for games and/or special game-specific events ; - Newsletter subscriptions , referral services , and other marketing surveys and email campaigns ; - Registration for Origin and/or other service accounts ; - Creation of a personal profile ; - Product , service and/or subscription orders ; - Service requests from third party service providers on our site ; - Access to our products and/or services on social networks or other third party services ; and - Otherwise through use of our software , mobile or online services where personal information is required for use and/or participation . Information collected will vary depending upon the activity and may include your name , email address , phone number , home address , birth date , mobile phone number and credit card information . Visitors to EA Mobile may be asked to provide the name of their mobile service carrier , model of their mobile phone and a valid mobile number so that we may provide purchase instructions directly to their mobile phone . In that context , your mobile number will only be used to send you a text message with a link to download your game and will not be retained for any other purpose . Prize winners may be required to provide their Social Security or other identification number for tax purposes , and will be used only for prize fulfillment . Non-personal information , alone , can not be used to identify or contact you . EA collects non-personal information about your use of our online and mobile products and services both on our website and in the course of game play and software usage ( on PC , mobile and game system platforms ) . We will retain your information for as long as your Origin Account is active or as needed to provide you services . If you wish to cancel your Origin Account or request that we no longer use your information contact the Privacy Policy Administrator in your country listed on our site at privacyadmin.ea.com , or if your country is not listed , by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator in the United States . There may be instances where we are legally required to retain your information . A . What Types of Non-Personal Information Does EA Collect ? When you use EA online and mobile products and services or you play our games on your PC or game system , we may collect certain non-personally identifiable information for purposes including improving our products and services , troubleshooting bugs , providing services to you , facilitating the provision of software updates , dynamically served content and product support as well as communicating with you . The non-personal information collected may include demographic information including gender , age , zip code , information about your computer , hardware , software , platform , game system , media , mobile device , including unique device IDs or other device identifiers , incident data , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , network Media Access Control ( MAC ) address and connection . We also collect other non-personal information such as username , user ID or persona , feature usage , game play statistics , scores and achievements , user rankings , time spent playing our games , and click paths as well as other data that you may provide in surveys , via your account preferences and online profiles such as friends lists or purchases , for instance . We may also receive information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or other data that we use to supplement personal information provided directly by you . B . How Does EA Collect Non-Personal Information ? EA collects non-personal information along with personal information when you actively provide it in the context of various online and mobile activities including online and mobile purchases , game registration and marketing surveys , for instance . In addition , we and other third parties use cookies and other technologies to passively collect non-personal demographic information , personalize your experience on our sites and monitor advertisements and other activities as described below . We may also derive from the information collected other facts , such as determining the applicable tax rate based on your IP address . 1 . Cookies Cookies are small files applied to your Internet browser to track movements within websites . We may link cookie information to personal information . Cookies link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase at our store , pages you have viewed , or games you have played . This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart and make sure you do n't see the same ad repeatedly , for example . Also , we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor website or game usage . We and third parties collect information on what games are played , how much time is spent playing the games and which ads or links are clicked . Some of our sites use an outside ad company to display ads . These ads contain cookies . Cookies received with banner ads are applied by our ad companies , and EA does not have access to this information . Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website . You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent . However some areas of our sites will not function properly if you do so . You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer , or limit the type of cookies you allow . For more information concerning how to disable your cookies , please visit help.ea.com . We and other third parties may also use flash cookies , also known as " local shared objects , " on our sites that employ Flash technology . Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember the site 's settings to personalize the look and feel of the site . Like normal cookies , Flash cookies are represented as small files on your computer . One method of preventing Flash cookies from being placed is to adjust your preferences in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at www.macromedia.com . If you disable cookies , you may lose some of the features and functionality of playing our games , as cookies are necessary to track and enhance your game activities . Please note that companies delivering advertisements in our games or on our websites may also use cookies or other technologies , and those practices are subject to their own policies . Please note that this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by EA only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers . 2 . Clear GIFs And Tracking Pixels Clear GIFs ( a.k.a. web bugs , beacons or tags ) are small graphic images placed on a web page , web-based document , or in an email message . Clear GIFs are invisible to the user because they are typically very small ( only 1-by-1 pixel ) and the same color as the background of the web page , document or email message . We do not use clear GIFs to collect personal information about you . However , we may use clear GIFs to capture statistical usage information for our web pages , features or other elements on a web page . We correlate this information to a user to personalize user experience and for statistical analysis of user experiences on our web pages . We and third parties may also use tracking pixels , which allow us to advertise more efficiently by excluding our current users from certain promotional messages or identifying the source of a new installation . 3 . Internet Log Files EA and other third parties also may maintain log files which contain IP addresses . An IP address is a numeric address that may be assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider . In general , we use log files to monitor traffic on our websites , to troubleshoot technical problems and authenticate users ' entitlements to our products . In the event of user abuse of our websites , however , we may block certain IP addresses or game system IDs provided by our licensed hardware manufacturers . If available , IP addresses and game system IDs may be used in order to enforce our Terms of Service . 4 . Analytic Metrics Tools and Other Technologies EA also uses its own proprietary analytic metrics tool and other third party analytics technologies to collect information when you use our online products and services and/or play our games on your PC , game system and/or mobile device . These tools and technologies use server log files , web beacons , cookies , tracking pixels and other technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information , including cookies , IP addresses ( including for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location ) , mobile or other hardware device ID or other device identifiers , browser types , browser language , information passed from your browser ( if any ) , referring and exit pages , and URLs , platform type , click information , information about your media , peripheral hardware , software and/or applications installed on your machine and/or device , domain names and types , landing pages , pages viewed and the order of those pages , advertising conversion rates , the date and amount of time spent on particular pages , other Internet and website usage information , game state and the date and time of activity on our websites or games , information about how your game is used , including game metrics and statistics , feature usage and purchase history , as well as unique hardware identifiers such as MAC Address , mobile unique device ID ( if applicable ) and other similar information . The third party analytics companies who collect information on our sites and in the context of our online and mobile products and/or services may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your activities across their network of websites as well as online and/or mobile products and services . Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies . Some EA websites and services use Google Analytics , a web analytic service offered by Google Inc . ( " Google " ) . Google Analytics uses " Cookies " , text files that are stored on your PC and that enables the analysis of your usage of this website . The information about your usage of websites , collected through these cookies , will be transmitted to and stored on Google server based in the US . On behalf of EA , Google will use this information in order to evaluate your usage of this websites , to make reports on website activities and/or to provide the website operator with other services related to this websites . Your IP-address collected by Google Analytics will not be matched up with other data of Google . You may prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting your browser settings . Please note that if you disable cookies , it is possible that you may not use all functionalities of EA 's websites . You may also prevent the cookies from collecting and storing your information by downloading and installing the following browser-plugin under the following link http : //tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout ?hl=en . A non-exclusive list of the other analytics companies that operate their own technologies on our sites and online and/or mobile products and/or services can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com . 5 . Ad Serving Technology EA 's websites , online or mobile products or services may employ proprietary or third party ad serving technologies that use cookies , clear GIFs , web beacons , tracking pixels or other technologies to collect information as a result of ad serving through our products or services as well as to help track results . Some dynamic in-game advertisement serving technology enable advertising to be temporarily uploaded into your game , web browser or mobile device and replaced while you are online . We or third parties operating the advertisement serving technology may use information such as age and gender as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the site , online or mobile product or service and to calculate or control the number of unique and repeat views of a given ad , and/or deliver ads that relate to your interests and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns . We or third parties may collect data for this purpose including IP address ( including for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location ) , device ID 's , information about your software , applications and hardware , browser information ( and/or information passed via your browser ) , hardware , machine or device make and model , advertisement ( s ) served , in game location , length of time an advertisement was visible , other Internet and website usage information , web pages and mobile internet sites which have been viewed by you ( as well as date and time ) , domain type , size of the advertisement , advertisement response ( if any ) , and angle of view . The foregoing data may be used and disclosed per this policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology . The advertising companies who deliver ads for us may combine the information collected or obtained from EA with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your web browser 's activities across their network of websites . Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies . A non-exclusive list of ad serving companies that operate their own networks on our sites and online and/or mobile products and/or services can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com . For more information about the practices of other large ad serving companies that may collect information based on your interaction with ads on this site , in our mobile products , and other sites or products not owned/managed by EA , or to " opt out " of targeted advertising delivered by National Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) member ad networks , you should visit www.networkadvertising.org . For more information about targeted advertising within our mobile products or to opt out , see the appendix to this policy at privacyappendix.ea.com . These ad serving technologies are integrated into our sites , online or mobile products and services ; if you do not want to use this technology , do not play . 6 . Anti-Cheat and Fraud Prevention Technologies EA strives to provide a safe and fair gaming environment to all players of its games . To prevent fraudulent activities and behaviors that may negatively affect the experiences of a player , EA is authorized to use " anti-cheating " software , or applications for the prevention of fraud for our internet presence , during the use of our online products and/or services ( including online games ) , and mobile platforms . At login to EA online products and/or services , during the setup of an Origin account , and/or at the point of sale , EA may collect data about your device in order to create a hash of machine components . Information collected for this purpose shall not be stored in retrievable form . EA uses the collected information for the prevention of fraud , and for authentication purposes . EA may consolidate the machine hash created for this purpose with your Origin account ; data consolidated this way will not be shared with any other third party , and will be used exclusively for security , fraud prevention and authentication purposes by EA . EA also obtains personal and non-personal information from third parties as discussed below . EA only uses this data for purposes consistent with this policy . 1 . PlayStation3 computer entertainment system If you sign up to play EA games through a PlayStation3 computer entertainment system , your Sony Entertainment Network account information will be provided to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you . You need an Origin Account to play EA 's titles online . By signing up to play EA 's titles , you agree that limited user account information can be transferred to EA . Information transferred to EA includes your name , email address , online ID , country , language and date of birth but does not include credit card number or other financial account information . 2 . Xbox Live If you sign up to play EA games through Microsoft 's Xbox Live Service , Microsoft will provide your Xbox Live user account information to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you . You need an Origin Account to play EA 's Xbox Live titles . By signing up to play EA 's Xbox Live titles , you agree that Microsoft can transfer your user account information to EA . Information transferred from Microsoft to EA includes your Gamertag , email address , state or province , country , language and age but does not include credit card number or other financial account information . 3 . Wii U If you sign up to play EA games through a Nintendo Wii U console , your Nintendo account information will be provided to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you . You need an Origin Account to play EA 's titles online . By signing up to play EA 's titles , you agree that limited user account information can be transferred to EA . Information transferred to EA includes your Mii information , email address , Nintendo Network ID , friend list , country , language and date of birth but does not include credit card number or other financial account information . 4 . Other Information Collected From Third Parties EA may also receive other information from third parties , including in connection with the operation and distribution of our products and services as well as market and demographic studies that we use to supplement personal and anonymous information collected or provided directly by you . Some third party services such as Twitter and Facebook may also provide us with information from your accounts there with your permission . By playing an EA game through a social network or other third party platform or service or by connecting to such a third party network , platform or service via one of our products and/or services , you are authorizing EA to collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the social network or other third party platform could provide to EA through the social network/third party platform Application Programming Interface ( API ) based on your settings on the third party social network or platform . Your agreement takes place when you connect with the third party network , platform or service via our products and/or services , and/or when you connect with , " accept " or " allow " ( or similar terms ) one of our applications through a social network , or other third party platform or service . EA may also collect or receive information about you from other EA users who choose to upload their email and other contacts . This information will be stored by us and used primarily to help you and your friends connect . EA may also receive information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or other data that we use to supplement personal information provided directly by you . A . How EA Uses Your Information EA uses your information to fulfill your specific requests , purchase orders and to send you purchase confirmation and other account-related information . In addition , the personal information you provide will allow us to send you messages about things including new products , features , enhancements , special offers , upgrade opportunities , contests and events of interest . You may also later opt out of such communications sent via email . Otherwise , EA uses personal and non-personal information , both individually and combined together , to better enhance your user experience , improve our products and services , understand the behavior and preferences of our customers , to troubleshoot technical problems , to serve advertising , for authentication purposes , to enforce our Terms of Service , to ensure proper functioning of our products and services as well as to help improve them . In addition , we combine non-personal information with personal information , such as an email address , for purposes including providing excellent customer service , administering loyalty programs and tailoring our communications , offerings , web pages or game play experience to you . By use of friend finder tools such as Facebook , Game Center or other third party services in our online and mobile products and services , you acknowledge that use of these friend finder tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your Origin Account ( and related gaming entitlements , including games played on PC , mobile and console platforms ) with your social networking profile and/or email address . Your resulting friends ' list , which may be accessible across EA social platforms as available , will be subject to this privacy policy . Note that the friends that you choose to include on any EA or Origin friends ' list may be able to find and/or identify you in the context of different EA products and services , and see the profiles you have established . Those friends may also be able to see the gamertags that you use across EA 's suite of products and services . Choose your friends carefully . If you choose to use our referral service to " Tell a Friend " about an EA product or site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address . We will send your friend an email on your behalf inviting him or her to visit the site or check out our product . EA stores your friend 's name and email for a short period for the sole purpose of sending this email and for redundancy checking , to be sure that your friend does not receive multiple copies of the same email message . We do not keep or use this information for any other purpose . Your participation in tournaments or other online game events is also conditional upon our collection , use , storage , transmission and public display of statistical data ( such as your scores , rankings and achievements ) generated through your participation . B. Will EA Share My Information With Third Parties ? EA will never share your personally identifiable information with third parties without your consent . We may , however , share non-personally identifiable , aggregated and/or public information with third parties . There may be circumstances where you may share information on your own . Please see section XI for more details about your rights to information you share publicly on EA including user generated content , forums , blogs , and profiles . You may also opt in to allow EA to share your personal information with companies and organizations that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to you . To opt out of further communications from a marketing partner or sponsor with whom your information has been shared , please contact that partner or sponsor directly . EA does not disclose any personal information about children under 18 years of age who have registered on any of our websites to third parties , or share or disclose personal information other than as set forth in this policy , provided however , that in the event of a merger , acquisition , or the unlikely event of bankruptcy , management of EA customer information may be transferred to its successor or assign regardless of age . From time to time , EA employs third party contractors to collect personal information on our behalf to provide email delivery , product , prize or promotional fulfillment , contest administration , credit card processing , shipping or other services on our sites . When requesting these services , you may be asked to supply your name , mailing address , telephone number and email address to our contractors . We ask some third party contractors , such as credit agencies , data analytics or market research firms , to supplement personal information that you provide to us for our own marketing and demographic studies , so that we can consistently improve our sites and related advertising to better meet our visitors ' needs and preferences . To enrich our understanding of individual customers , we tie this information to the personal information you provide to us . When our third party agents or service providers collect and/or have access any information other than non-personal , anonymous and/or aggregated data , EA requires that they use data consistently with our stated privacy policy . These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose without your specific consent . You will be notified before your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider , so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party . We may also access and disclose personal information , including personal communications , in connection with report abuse functions in our products and services , to enforce legal rights and comply with the law , or to comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority , or when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights , property , operations , users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage , or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on EA . Note that certain publically available information you post and communicate on our and third party sites and services is public information for which you have no expectation of privacy . See Section XI for more details . EA is a global organization and the majority of the computer systems on which EA collects , stores , and uses the information it collects or receives are based in the United States and The Netherlands . We may also utilize data storage facilities located in Asia , Canada and/or the European Union . Your personal information may be transferred to , used , processed or held by EA in the United States and in other countries , including countries outside your country of residence both in and outside the European Union and Asia , and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy . EA understands the importance of keeping your information safe and secure . EA will make commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal information and ensure the security of our systems . When you enter sensitive financial information ( such as a credit card number ) on our order forms , we encrypt the transmission of that information using commercially reasonable methods . No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however . We can not guarantee that your information will not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical , or managerial safeguards . We can not assume responsibility or liability for unauthorized access to our servers and systems . You can correct or update your account information at any time by logging on our site and navigating to " My Account , " and viewing your " Basic Information " or other account settings . Should you be unable to log in or wish to have your account ( s ) deactivated , contact the Privacy Policy Administrator in your country as listed on our site at privacyadmin.ea.com , or if your country is not listed , by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator in the United States . We will be happy to review , update or remove information as appropriate . We may still retain your information in our files however , to resolve disputes , enforce our user agreement , and due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security , integrity and operation of our websites . Some EA sites or services may collect personal information that is not accessible via our site . However , in such cases , you may be able to access that information through alternative means of access described by the service or by writing your local privacy policy administrator at privacyadmin.ea.com and you will be contacted within 30 days regarding your request . If you 've granted EA access to your Facebook account information through an EA or Playfish application , you may request that EA delete your Facebook information by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator listed at privacyadmin.ea.com and specifying the Facebook application used . Note that as a result of deleting your data associated with an application on Facebook , you will no longer have access to that application . Many EA online or mobile products and services are intended for general audiences and do not knowingly collect any personal information from children . When an EA online or mobile product or service does request age information , and users identify themselves as under 13 , the product or service will either block such users from providing personal information , or we will ensure consent is obtained from parents for the collection , use and sharing of their children 's personal information . At that time , we will provide a description of the information that the child may make publically available , how we will use the information and other practices . We will not knowingly ask children under the age of 13 to provide more information than is reasonably necessary to provide our services . Please note that if you grant consent for your child to use EA 's online or mobile products and services , this may include such general audience communication services as email , instant messaging , and online groups , and your child will be able to communicate with , and disclose personal information to , other users of all ages . Parents can review , edit , request the deletion , or prevent further collection or use of their children 's personal information or make inquiries regarding this policy by sending an email to privacy_policy @ ea.com ; writing to Privacy Policy Administrator , 209 Redwood Shores Parkway , Redwood City , CA 94065 ; or calling ( 650 ) 628-1393 . Alternatively , you may also contact the appropriate Privacy Policy Administrator for your country listed at privacyadmin.ea.com . If we change this privacy statement in a way that expands the collection , use or disclosure of children 's personal information to which a parent has previously consented , the parent will be notified and we will be required to obtain the parent 's additional consent . We encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers and disclosing personal information online . You and your child should review our Online Safety web page for additional information about using the Internet safely . Information collected is secured in a manner consistent with this privacy policy ( see Section VIII above ) . If we change how we handle your child 's information , we will notify you in a manner consistent with this policy . Under no circumstances do we condition a child 's participation in an activitylike contestson the child 's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity . On certain sites , we may not permit children to participate at all regardless of consent . You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to EA sites or games or in our online chat rooms , blogs , message boards , user " profiles " for public view or in similar forums on our sites and/or on third party sites . Information that you disclose in any of these forums is unencrypted , public information , may be accessed or recorded by EA employees , and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there . You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages . We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to make public in any of these forums . Note also that in the ordinary course of Internet activity , certain information may be sent from your browser to third parties such as advertising networks and analytics companies . EA has no control over the information sent from your browser to those networks or other third parties and recommends that you ensure that your browser settings prevent the disclosure of information you would not like to share . If you post a video , image or photo on one of our sites for public view you should be aware that these may be viewed , collected , copied and/or used by other users without your consent . We are not responsible for the videos , images or photos that you choose to submit to EA 's site . Please see our Terms of Service at terms.ea.com on this point and for other guidelines about posting content on our websites . Our website may contain advertising or services which link to other websites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube . The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement , authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party . If you click on a link to a third party site , including on an advertisement , you will leave the EA site you are visiting and go to the site you selected . Because we can not control the activities of third parties , we can not accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties , and we can not guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as EA . We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services . If you visit a third party website that is linked to an EA site , you should consult that site 's privacy policy before providing any personal information . Members may register for other services from our site ( s ) . Certain products and/or services available on our site are provided to you in partnership with third party ( s ) and may require you to disclose personally identifiable information in order to register for and access such products and/or services . Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration . If you elect to register for such products and/or services your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third party ( s ) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party ( s ) . We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) and , therefore , you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) prior to providing your personally identifiable information in connection with such products and/or services . If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact the EA Privacy Policy Administrator for the country in which you reside at the email address or postal address specified at privacyadmin.ea.com . If your country is not listed , please contact the United States ' Privacy Policy Administrator or write to Privacy Policy Administrator , Electronic Arts Inc. , 209 Redwood Shores Pkwy , Redwood City , CA 94065 . If your inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed , you should contact TRUSTe here or at https : //feedback.truste.com as instructed above . TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns . Please note that the TRUSTe program only covers information that is collected through this Website , and does not cover information that may be collected through any software downloaded from this Website . For more information and updates to our online Privacy Policy , visit privacy.ea.com . Under California law , California Residents who have an established business relationship with Electronic Arts Inc . ( EA ) or one of its subsidiaries may choose to opt out of EA disclosure of personal information about them to third parties for direct marketing purposes . As detailed above , our policy is not to disclose personal information collected online to a third party for direct marketing purposes without your approval . If you choose to opt-out at any time after granting approval , email privacy_policy @ ea.com or write to Privacy Policy Administrator , Electronic Arts Inc. , 209 Redwood Shores Pkwy , Redwood City , CA 94065 . The purpose of this Section is to provide a streamlined method for resolution of disputes between us if they arise . As discussed below , if we can not resolve our disputes informally and you are awarded a sum at arbitration greater than EA 's last settlement offer to you ( if any ) , EA will pay you 150 % of your arbitration award , up to $ 5000 over and above your arbitration award . PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY . IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS . Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to your satisfaction by logging into our customer support interface with your Origin Account at help.ea.com . In the unlikely event that EA can not resolve a concern to your satisfaction ( or if EA can not resolve a concern it has with you after attempting to do so informally ) , then you and EA agree to be bound by the following procedure to resolve any and all disputes between us . This provision applies to all consumers to the fullest extent allowable by law , but expressly excludes residents of Quebec , Russia , Switzerland , the Member States of the European Union , and the Republic of Korea . By accepting these terms , you and EA expressly waive the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action . This agreement is intended to be interpreted broadly . This Section covers any and all disputes between us ( " Disputes " ) , including without limitation :  - claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us , whether based in contract , tort , statute , fraud , misrepresentation or any other legal theory ; - claims that arose before this Agreement or any prior agreement ( including , but not limited to , claims relating to advertising ) ; - claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class ; and - claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement . The only disputes that are not covered by this Section are the following :  - a claim to enforce or protect , or concerning the validity of , any of your or EA 's ( or any of EA 's licensors ' ) intellectual property rights ; - a claim related to , or arising from , allegations of theft , piracy , or unauthorized use ; - In addition , nothing in this Section shall prevent either party from initiating a small claims court action . References to " EA , " " you , " and " us " include our respective subsidiaries , affiliates , agents , employees , predecessors in interest , successors , and assigns , as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or Software under this or prior Agreements between us . This arbitration provision evidences a transaction in interstate commerce , and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision . This arbitration provision shall survive termination of these Terms of Service . A. Informal Negotiations/Notice of Dispute . You and EA agree to first attempt to negotiate any Dispute informally for at least 30 days before initiating arbitration . Such informal negotiations commence upon receipt of written notice from one person to the other ( " Notice of Dispute " ) . Notices of Dispute must : ( a ) include the full name and contact information of the complaining party ; ( b ) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute ; and ( c ) set forth the specific relief sought ( " Demand " ) . EA will send its Notice of Dispute to your billing address ( if you provided it to us ) or to the email address you provided to us . You will send your Notice of Dispute to : Electronic Arts Inc. , 209 Redwood Shores Parkway , Redwood City CA 94065 , ATTENTION : Legal Department . B. Binding Arbitration . If you and EA are unable to resolve a Dispute through informal negotiations within 30 days after receipt of the Notice of Dispute , either you or EA may elect to have the Dispute finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration . Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on the other . YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY THIS PROVISION , YOU AND EA ARE FOREGOING THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL . The arbitration shall be commenced and conducted under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association ( AAA ) and , where appropriate , the AAA 's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes ( AAA Consumer Rules ) , both of which are available at the AAA website www.adr.org . Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Rules and , where appropriate , limited by the AAA Consumer Rules . If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive , or if you send EA a notice to the Notice of Dispute address above indicating that you are unable to pay the fees required to initiate an arbitration , then EA will promptly pay all arbitration fees and expenses . The arbitration may be conducted in person , through the submission of documents , by phone or online . The arbitrator will make a decision in writing , and shall provide a statement of reasons if requested by either party . The arbitrator must follow applicable law , and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so . You and EA may litigate in court to compel arbitration , to stay proceeding pending arbitration , or to confirm , modify , vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator . C. Restrictions . You and EA agree that any arbitration shall be limited to the Dispute between EA and you individually . To the full extent permitted by law , ( 1 ) no arbitration shall be joined with any other ; ( 2 ) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated on a class action-basis or to utilize class action procedures ; and ( 3 ) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons . YOU AND EA AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY , AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING . Further , unless both you and EA agree otherwise , the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person 's claims , and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding . If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable , then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void . D. Location . If you are a resident of the United States , arbitration will take place at any reasonable location convenient for you . For residents outside the United States , arbitration shall be initiated in the County of San Mateo , State of California , United States of America , and you and EA agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court , in order to compel arbitration , to stay proceedings pending arbitration , or to confirm , modify , vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator . E. Recovery and Attorneys ' Fees . If the arbitrator rules in your favor on the merits of any claim you bring against EA and issues you an award that is greater in monetary value than EA 's last written settlement offer made before written submissions are made to the arbitrator , then EA will :  - Pay you 150 % of your arbitration award , up to $ 5,000 over and above your arbitration award ; and - Pay your attorney , if any , the amount of attorneys ' fees , and reimburse any expenses ( including expert witness fees and costs ) that you or your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating , preparing , and pursuing your claim in arbitration ( " the attorney premium " ) . The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees , expenses , and the alternative payment and the attorney premium at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator 's ruling on the merits . The right to attorneys ' fees and expenses discussed above supplements any right to attorneys ' fees and expenses you may have under applicable law , although you may not recover duplicative awards of attorneys ' fees or costs . EA waives any right it may have to seek an award of attorneys ' fees and expenses in connection with any arbitration between us . F. Limitation on Arbitrator 's Authority . The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party 's individual claim . G. Changes to This Provision . Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary , we agree that if EA makes any future change to this arbitration provision ( other than a change to the Notice Address ) , you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to the Arbitration Notice Address provided above . By rejecting any future change , you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this provision . Version 54402_9 
This policy covers how Chess.com treats personal information that Chess.com collects and receives , including information related to your past use of Chess.com products and services . Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available . This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Chess.com does not own or control , or to people that Chess.com does not employ or manage . In addition , certain Chess.com services may have their own associated privacy statements . Chess.com collects personal information when you register with Chess.com , when you use Chess.com products or services , when you visit Chess.com pages or the pages of certain Chess.com partners , and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes . Chess.com may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies . When you register we ask for information such as your name , email address , birth date , gender , zip code , occupation , industry , and personal interests . Once you register with Chess.com and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us . Chess.com automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser , including your IP address , Chess.com cookie information , and the page you request . Chess.com uses information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients . Chess.com may set and access Chess.com cookies ' on your computer . Chess.com lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer . Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Chess.com 's cookies . These third-party advertising companies serve ads when you visit our website . These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over - not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you . Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on this site . This includes the DoubleClick DART cookie which enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet . You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy . To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising , you can visit www.networkadvertising.org . Notwithstanding any other provision in this policy , in visiting this site , a third-party advertiser ( or its partners ) may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser . These cookies enable more customized ads , content or services to be provided to you . To trigger these cookies , we may pass an encrypted or " hashed " ( non-human readable ) identifier corresponding to your email address to a Web advertising partner , who may place a cookie on your computer . No personally identifiable information is on , or is connected to , these cookies . To opt-out of these cookies , please go to http : //www.privacychoice.org/companies or http : //www.aboutads.info/choices . You can edit your Chess.com account information at any time . We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Chess.com service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and the Chess.com Newsletter , that are considered part of your Chess.com account , without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them . You can delete your account by contacting Chess.com . We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs . We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you . Chess.com does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances : We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Chess.com under confidentiality agreements . These companies may use your personal information to help Chess.com communicate with you about offers from Chess.com and our marketing partners . However , these companies do not have any independent right to share this information . We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims ; We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Chess.com 's terms of use , or as otherwise required by law . We transfer information about you if Chess.com is acquired by or merged with another company . In this event , Chess.com will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy . Policy Updates Chess.com may update this policy . We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Chess.com account or by placing a prominent notice on our site . 
Privacy Policy WILLIAM HILL 'S PRIVACY POLICY LAST UPDATED : April 30 , 2013 Your privacy is important to American Wagering , Inc. ( together , with its subsidiaries and affiliated companies , referred to as William Hill , us , our , or we ) therefore we have developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect , use , disclose , transfer and store your information . Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices so you can make an informed decision as to whether to use our Services ( as defined in our Terms of Service ) . This Privacy Policy applies only to William Hill . It does not apply to the practices of companies we do not own or control , or to people that we do not employ . Though our website may contain links to other websites we are not responsible for , nor does our privacy policy apply to , those websites operated by third parties . This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to our Terms of Service . We collect information in order to : Enable us to set up , operate and manage your remote wagering account so that you can make full use of our Services ; Verify your location , age and identity when you are using your remote wagering account ; Comply with relevant regulations regarding your registration ; Enable us to receive questions and comments from you so we can provide technical assistance ; Keep you informed of future events , offers and promotions . We also collect , use , share , transfer and store information as set forth below . Through our website , kiosks , your wireless device utilizing the William Hill Mobile Sports App , our Ticket Writers , and the remote account wagering registration process we collect Personal and Non-Personal Information ( as defined below ) . PERSONAL INFORMATION is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person . Registration Information . When you register for or use our Services and download the William Hill Mobile Sports App , we may collect Personal Information from you , such as your name , date of birth , mailing address , email address , mobile phone number , wireless carrier , telephone number , and fax number through which you can be identified . We may also ask you for Personal Information such as your credit or debit card number , financial account number , driver 's license number , state identification card number , Social Security number , passport number , naturalization number , and/or the beneficiary of your William Hill money bearing account ( i.e. , your William Hill remote wagering account ) , which when combined with your name is then deemed Confidential Personal Information . NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION is information about you or your activities through which you can not be personally identified . In situations where it is possible to do so , Non-Personal Information may be linked to Personal Information . Non-Personal Information includes :  Profile Information . When using our Services you may provide other information such as interests and hobbies , age , gender , relationship status , purchase information , favorite sports type and team preference , fan affiliation and wagering activity . We call this Profile Information . Location Information . To provide our Services to you , we collect and use information related to the actual geographic location of your wireless device ; we obtain this information from your wireless carrier , certain third-party service providers , or directly from the wireless device you used to register for our Services . Cookies and other technologies . When you use our Services we may send and access one or more cookies ( a small amount of data which often includes an anonymous unique identifier which is sent to your browser from a website or computer and stored on your hardware ) . We use cookies to remember personal information when you use our website , online services , and applications . We may use this information during your subsequent visits . Please review your web browser Help file to learn how to modify your cookie settings . Log File Information . When you use our Services , our servers automatically gather and store certain information about your usage . These server logs may include information such as a wireless device identification number and device identifier , web requests , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type , browser language , referring / exit pages and URLs , platform type , number of clicks , domain names , search terms , ratings , landing pages , pages viewed and the order of those pages , features used in our Services , our wireless application ( s ) , alerts received , advertisements delivered , the amount of time spent on particular screens , the dates and times of your requests , and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser . Except for Confidential Personal Information , we may use Personal Information and Non-Personal Information for our own marketing purposes , including notifying you of special promotions , offers and events specifically tailored to you and your special interests via mail , email , telephone , text message , and other means . Confidential Personal Information will not be used for our own marketing purposes without your express consent . With your consent , we use your Confidential Personal Information , Personal Information , and Non-Personal Information to enable us to set up , operate , and manage your remote wagering account , and to provide to you , and maintain , all of the features ( including text invitations to private contests or tournaments , alerts to changes in the odds or close of betting session for a game , injury reports , or winning a game , a contest or a tournament , and updates to the William Hill Mobile Sports App ) and functionality of our Services . With your consent , we also use your location information to determine whether ( i ) you are in a jurisdiction where our Services are lawful , ( ii ) your wireless device matches your account while you are in the William Hill Services approved jurisdiction , ( iii ) which of our Services alerts are relevant to you . We reserve the right to use your anonymous location information for other purposes . We may also use your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information ( such as location and anonymous log file information ) to track and analyze your user preferences and trends to improve the quality and design of our Services and to create new features , promotions , functionality , and services . We may further use cookies and log file information to : ( i ) remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you use or visit our Services , ( ii ) provide custom and personalized content , advertisements , and information , ( iii ) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns , and ( iv ) monitor aggregate usage metrics . We may also use a third-party data source to verify your mobile phone number is on a wireless provider we support . If you have a supported mobile phone number and device , then we may send a text message to your phone in order to verify your custody of that handset . If your carrier or handset is not supported , then we may store your mobile phone number and may send a one-time text message to you when our Services become available on your wireless provider or handset . We may use your email address or mobile number from time-to-time to send you messages from us such as privacy or security related notices , notifying you of major updates to our Services , or for other customer service purposes . Except for Confidential Personal Information , we may share Personal Information and Non-Personal Information with our parent , subsidiaries and affiliated companies , or other businesses or persons to : ( i ) the extent necessary to permit validation of your identity , completion of a purchase or credit transaction , processing and recording of a betting transaction , or other legitimate non-marketing business purposes , ( ii ) provide certain features , ( iii ) serve relevant advertisements in support of our Services , and ( iv ) process such information on our behalf . We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with this Privacy Policy and use appropriate confidentiality and security measures , and we use reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information . We may disclose aggregate , anonymous log file and usage information in reports to interested third parties to assist those parties in understanding the usage patterns and performance results of certain advertisements , content , services , promotions , or features . For example , we may provide aggregate level reports to an advertising partner for the purpose of showing delivery and performance statistics of a specific advertising campaign . We may release Personal Information , including Confidential Personal Information , and Non-Personal Information if required to do so by law , or if we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or respond to a court order , subpoena , or search warrant . We may also disclose Confidential Personal Information , Personal Information , and Non-Personal Information about you if we determine , in good faith , that disclosure is reasonably necessary to : enforce our Terms of Service ; take precautions against liability ; protect users from or to investigate , prevent or take action regarding fraudulent , abusive , or unlawful uses or activities ; investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations ; assist government enforcement agencies ; protect the security or integrity of our Services ; or protect our rights , property , or personal safety or those of our users , or others . We may share or sell your anonymous location information to third parties . We may transfer information about you if we are acquired by or merged with another company . In this event we will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy . You may update your account information at any time by contacting us at contact @ williamhill.us . To protect your privacy and security , we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before making changes . To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy , and to protect personal information about you , we have put in place commercially reasonable physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations . We can not , however , ensure or warrant the security of any information that we receive on your behalf to operate our Services or that you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk . We also can not guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical , or managerial safeguards . If we learn of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps and/or post a notice on our website if a security breach occurs . Depending on where you live , you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing . We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law . We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from anyone under 21 years of age . If we learn that we have collected the personal information of someone under 21 years of age we will take the appropriate steps to protect this information . If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child has submitted personal information , you may alert us at contact @ williamhill.us . Our Services are based in the United States . You may not utilize the William Hill Mobile Sports App outside of Nevada . If you are using any other services from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , then please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States and by providing your personal data you consent to that transfer . Third-party advertisers or ad network companies may sometimes deliver ( or serve ) advertisements , that may appear on our website , directly to users . These companies may automatically receive your IP address or other information about your wireless device or personal computer when serving advertisements . These third parties may also download cookies to your computer , or use other technologies such as JavaScript and web beacons ( also known as 11 gifs ) to measure the effectiveness of the advertisements served and to personalize advertising content . Doing this allows the advertiser or ad network to recognize your computer or wireless device each time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of the ad and to personalize advertising content . These companies may compile information about the sites or services visited when seeing advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked . We do not access or have control of the cookies that these third-party advertisers or ad networks may place . Likewise , third party advertisers and ad networks do not have access to your personal information stored with us unless you choose to share it with them . This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of tracking technologies or personal data by any such third-party advertisers or ad networks . We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties . In the event that we are acquired by or merge with a third party entity , we reserve the right , in any of these circumstances , to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our users as part of such merger , acquisition , sale , or other change of control so that our Services can continue operations . In the unlikely event of a bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization , receivership , or assignment for the benefit of creditors , or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors ' rights generally , we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated , transferred , or used . This Privacy Policy describes our current practices and may be revised from time to time without further notice to you . Our policy indicates when it was Last Updated . Thus , please visit our website and review this Privacy Policy periodically to learn of any changes . Your continued use of our Services after the posting of any changes constitutes your binding acceptance of such changes . If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy please email us at legal @ williamhill.us or contact us at : William Hill Legal Department Privacy Policy Issues 6325 S. Rainbow Blvd. , Suite 100 Las Vegas , NV 89118 By using our Services ( including , the William Hill Mobile Sports App ) , you consent to : ( 1 ) receive text messages , ( including advertisements ) , data , emails and information sent through other data channels ; ( 2 ) pay carrier data , messaging , and other fees resulting from your usage of our Services ; and ( 3 ) the collection , use , disclosure , transfer , and storage of your Personal and Non-Personal Information ( including location information related to your wireless device ) as described in this Privacy Policy . 
ELECTRONIC ARTS PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY Effective Date : June 28 , 2013 TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification By registering for an Origin Account ( formerly known as an EA Account ) ( " Account " ) , using this site and/or any of EA 's online or mobile products and services , you agree to EA 's Privacy Policy and that we may transfer and store your information in the USA . By registering , you agree that EA may process your data in accordance with the following privacy policy and that you will abide by EA 's Terms of Service . IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY EA SITE , ONLINE OR MOBILE PRODUCT OR SERVICE . If we change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , the home page or other places so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it . We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently . If we make material or significant changes to this policy or the way we use your child 's information , we will notify you or the parent/guardian here , by email , or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the changes taking effect . Your continued use of our online and mobile products and services will signify your acceptance of the changes to our online Privacy Policy . TABLE OF CONTENTS I. EA Online And Mobile Privacy Policy : Introduction II . EA 's Site Is TRUSTe Certified III . What Is Personal Information And When Does EA Collect It ? IV . What Is Non-Personal Information And When Does EA Collect It ? V . Information Provided to EA By Third Parties . VI . What Happens To The Information EA Collects ? VII . Where Is The Information Held ? VIII . How Does EA Protect Your Personal Information ? IX . Review , Correction of Your Information , Requesting Removal From Mailing Lists And Deactivating Your Account X. A Special Note About Children XI . Public Information Including User Generated Content , Online Forums , Blogs And Profiles XII . Third Party Sites XIII . Products Offered In Partnership With Third Party ( s ) XIV . Contact Information XV . California Residents : Your California Privacy Rights XVI . Dispute Resolution By Binding Arbitration EA and its subsidiary companies know that you care how information about you is used and shared , and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly . We respect the privacy rights of consumers and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected about you . We have adopted this global online Privacy Policy to explain how we store and use personal and non-personal information we collect online on our websites , during your use of our online products and/or services ( including online game play ) and on mobile platforms . This policy does not cover information provided online in response to job postings . Please review the EA Jobs Data Privacy Statement on EA 's jobs site at www.jobs.ea.com for further information . If you reside in the United States , Canada or Japan , these terms are an agreement between you and Electronic Arts Inc . If you reside in any other country , then these terms are an agreement between you and Electronic Arts Swiss Srl . This policy also applies to TRUSTe certified EA Websites . To view a list of these Validated EA Websites , please visit www.TRUSTe.com . In addition , EA owns several other domain names that point to the websites referenced above . We may also add new sites that are subject to this privacy policy and that list will be updated to include those . Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by EA , and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link . EA complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of data from European Union member countries and Switzerland . EA has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view EA 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor . EA has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's Privacy Program Requirements available at truste.com including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . EA collects both personal and non-personal consumer information . Personal information collected by EA is discussed below in this section . Non-personal information is discussed below in Section IV . Personal information is information that identifies you and that can be used alone , to contact you on-line or off-line . EA may collect personal information from our online visitors during :  - Contest registration and prize acceptance ; - Warranty registration and requests ; - Customer support and/or technical service requests ; - Player match up and other head-to-head online competitions ; - Registration for games and/or special game-specific events ; - Newsletter subscriptions , referral services , and other marketing surveys and email campaigns ; - Registration for Origin and/or other service accounts ; - Creation of a personal profile ; - Product , service and/or subscription orders ; - Service requests from third party service providers on our site ; - Access to our products and/or services on social networks or other third party services ; and - Otherwise through use of our software , mobile or online services where personal information is required for use and/or participation . Information collected will vary depending upon the activity and may include your name , email address , phone number , home address , birth date , mobile phone number and credit card information . Visitors to EA Mobile may be asked to provide the name of their mobile service carrier , model of their mobile phone and a valid mobile number so that we may provide purchase instructions directly to their mobile phone . In that context , your mobile number will only be used to send you a text message with a link to download your game and will not be retained for any other purpose . Prize winners may be required to provide their Social Security or other identification number for tax purposes , and will be used only for prize fulfillment . Non-personal information , alone , can not be used to identify or contact you . EA collects non-personal information about your use of our online and mobile products and services both on our website and in the course of game play and software usage ( on PC , mobile and game system platforms ) . We will retain your information for as long as your Origin Account is active or as needed to provide you services . If you wish to cancel your Origin Account or request that we no longer use your information contact the Privacy Policy Administrator in your country listed on our site at privacyadmin.ea.com , or if your country is not listed , by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator in the United States . There may be instances where we are legally required to retain your information . A . What Types of Non-Personal Information Does EA Collect ? When you use EA online and mobile products and services or you play our games on your PC or game system , we may collect certain non-personally identifiable information for purposes including improving our products and services , troubleshooting bugs , providing services to you , facilitating the provision of software updates , dynamically served content and product support as well as communicating with you . The non-personal information collected may include demographic information including gender , age , zip code , information about your computer , hardware , software , platform , game system , media , mobile device , including unique device IDs or other device identifiers , incident data , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , network Media Access Control ( MAC ) address and connection . We also collect other non-personal information such as username , user ID or persona , feature usage , game play statistics , scores and achievements , user rankings , time spent playing our games , and click paths as well as other data that you may provide in surveys , via your account preferences and online profiles such as friends lists or purchases , for instance . We may also receive information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or other data that we use to supplement personal information provided directly by you . B . How Does EA Collect Non-Personal Information ? EA collects non-personal information along with personal information when you actively provide it in the context of various online and mobile activities including online and mobile purchases , game registration and marketing surveys , for instance . In addition , we and other third parties use cookies and other technologies to passively collect non-personal demographic information , personalize your experience on our sites and monitor advertisements and other activities as described below . We may also derive from the information collected other facts , such as determining the applicable tax rate based on your IP address . 1 . Cookies Cookies are small files applied to your Internet browser to track movements within websites . We may link cookie information to personal information . Cookies link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase at our store , pages you have viewed , or games you have played . This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart and make sure you do n't see the same ad repeatedly , for example . Also , we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor website or game usage . We and third parties collect information on what games are played , how much time is spent playing the games and which ads or links are clicked . Some of our sites use an outside ad company to display ads . These ads contain cookies . Cookies received with banner ads are applied by our ad companies , and EA does not have access to this information . Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website . You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent . However some areas of our sites will not function properly if you do so . You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer , or limit the type of cookies you allow . For more information concerning how to disable your cookies , please visit help.ea.com . We and other third parties may also use flash cookies , also known as " local shared objects , " on our sites that employ Flash technology . Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember the site 's settings to personalize the look and feel of the site . Like normal cookies , Flash cookies are represented as small files on your computer . One method of preventing Flash cookies from being placed is to adjust your preferences in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at www.macromedia.com . If you disable cookies , you may lose some of the features and functionality of playing our games , as cookies are necessary to track and enhance your game activities . Please note that companies delivering advertisements in our games or on our websites may also use cookies or other technologies , and those practices are subject to their own policies . Please note that this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by EA only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers . 2 . Clear GIFs And Tracking Pixels Clear GIFs ( a.k.a. web bugs , beacons or tags ) are small graphic images placed on a web page , web-based document , or in an email message . Clear GIFs are invisible to the user because they are typically very small ( only 1-by-1 pixel ) and the same color as the background of the web page , document or email message . We do not use clear GIFs to collect personal information about you . However , we may use clear GIFs to capture statistical usage information for our web pages , features or other elements on a web page . We correlate this information to a user to personalize user experience and for statistical analysis of user experiences on our web pages . We and third parties may also use tracking pixels , which allow us to advertise more efficiently by excluding our current users from certain promotional messages or identifying the source of a new installation . 3 . Internet Log Files EA and other third parties also may maintain log files which contain IP addresses . An IP address is a numeric address that may be assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider . In general , we use log files to monitor traffic on our websites , to troubleshoot technical problems and authenticate users ' entitlements to our products . In the event of user abuse of our websites , however , we may block certain IP addresses or game system IDs provided by our licensed hardware manufacturers . If available , IP addresses and game system IDs may be used in order to enforce our Terms of Service . 4 . Analytic Metrics Tools and Other Technologies EA also uses its own proprietary analytic metrics tool and other third party analytics technologies to collect information when you use our online products and services and/or play our games on your PC , game system and/or mobile device . These tools and technologies use server log files , web beacons , cookies , tracking pixels and other technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information , including cookies , IP addresses ( including for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location ) , mobile or other hardware device ID or other device identifiers , browser types , browser language , information passed from your browser ( if any ) , referring and exit pages , and URLs , platform type , click information , information about your media , peripheral hardware , software and/or applications installed on your machine and/or device , domain names and types , landing pages , pages viewed and the order of those pages , advertising conversion rates , the date and amount of time spent on particular pages , other Internet and website usage information , game state and the date and time of activity on our websites or games , information about how your game is used , including game metrics and statistics , feature usage and purchase history , as well as unique hardware identifiers such as MAC Address , mobile unique device ID ( if applicable ) and other similar information . The third party analytics companies who collect information on our sites and in the context of our online and mobile products and/or services may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your activities across their network of websites as well as online and/or mobile products and services . Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies . Some EA websites and services use Google Analytics , a web analytic service offered by Google Inc . ( " Google " ) . Google Analytics uses " Cookies " , text files that are stored on your PC and that enables the analysis of your usage of this website . The information about your usage of websites , collected through these cookies , will be transmitted to and stored on Google server based in the US . On behalf of EA , Google will use this information in order to evaluate your usage of this websites , to make reports on website activities and/or to provide the website operator with other services related to this websites . Your IP-address collected by Google Analytics will not be matched up with other data of Google . You may prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting your browser settings . Please note that if you disable cookies , it is possible that you may not use all functionalities of EA 's websites . You may also prevent the cookies from collecting and storing your information by downloading and installing the following browser-plugin under the following link http : //tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout ?hl=en . A non-exclusive list of the other analytics companies that operate their own technologies on our sites and online and/or mobile products and/or services can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com . 5 . Ad Serving Technology EA 's websites , online or mobile products or services may employ proprietary or third party ad serving technologies that use cookies , clear GIFs , web beacons , tracking pixels or other technologies to collect information as a result of ad serving through our products or services as well as to help track results . Some dynamic in-game advertisement serving technology enable advertising to be temporarily uploaded into your game , web browser or mobile device and replaced while you are online . We or third parties operating the advertisement serving technology may use information such as age and gender as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the site , online or mobile product or service and to calculate or control the number of unique and repeat views of a given ad , and/or deliver ads that relate to your interests and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns . We or third parties may collect data for this purpose including IP address ( including for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location ) , device ID 's , information about your software , applications and hardware , browser information ( and/or information passed via your browser ) , hardware , machine or device make and model , advertisement ( s ) served , in game location , length of time an advertisement was visible , other Internet and website usage information , web pages and mobile internet sites which have been viewed by you ( as well as date and time ) , domain type , size of the advertisement , advertisement response ( if any ) , and angle of view . The foregoing data may be used and disclosed per this policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology . The advertising companies who deliver ads for us may combine the information collected or obtained from EA with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your web browser 's activities across their network of websites . Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies . A non-exclusive list of ad serving companies that operate their own networks on our sites and online and/or mobile products and/or services can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com . For more information about the practices of other large ad serving companies that may collect information based on your interaction with ads on this site , in our mobile products , and other sites or products not owned/managed by EA , or to " opt out " of targeted advertising delivered by National Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) member ad networks , you should visit www.networkadvertising.org . For more information about targeted advertising within our mobile products or to opt out , see the appendix to this policy at privacyappendix.ea.com . These ad serving technologies are integrated into our sites , online or mobile products and services ; if you do not want to use this technology , do not play . 6 . Anti-Cheat and Fraud Prevention Technologies EA strives to provide a safe and fair gaming environment to all players of its games . To prevent fraudulent activities and behaviors that may negatively affect the experiences of a player , EA is authorized to use " anti-cheating " software , or applications for the prevention of fraud for our internet presence , during the use of our online products and/or services ( including online games ) , and mobile platforms . At login to EA online products and/or services , during the setup of an Origin account , and/or at the point of sale , EA may collect data about your device in order to create a hash of machine components . Information collected for this purpose shall not be stored in retrievable form . EA uses the collected information for the prevention of fraud , and for authentication purposes . EA may consolidate the machine hash created for this purpose with your Origin account ; data consolidated this way will not be shared with any other third party , and will be used exclusively for security , fraud prevention and authentication purposes by EA . EA also obtains personal and non-personal information from third parties as discussed below . EA only uses this data for purposes consistent with this policy . 1 . PlayStation3 computer entertainment system If you sign up to play EA games through a PlayStation3 computer entertainment system , your Sony Entertainment Network account information will be provided to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you . You need an Origin Account to play EA 's titles online . By signing up to play EA 's titles , you agree that limited user account information can be transferred to EA . Information transferred to EA includes your name , email address , online ID , country , language and date of birth but does not include credit card number or other financial account information . 2 . Xbox Live If you sign up to play EA games through Microsoft 's Xbox Live Service , Microsoft will provide your Xbox Live user account information to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you . You need an Origin Account to play EA 's Xbox Live titles . By signing up to play EA 's Xbox Live titles , you agree that Microsoft can transfer your user account information to EA . Information transferred from Microsoft to EA includes your Gamertag , email address , state or province , country , language and age but does not include credit card number or other financial account information . 3 . Wii U If you sign up to play EA games through a Nintendo Wii U console , your Nintendo account information will be provided to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you . You need an Origin Account to play EA 's titles online . By signing up to play EA 's titles , you agree that limited user account information can be transferred to EA . Information transferred to EA includes your Mii information , email address , Nintendo Network ID , friend list , country , language and date of birth but does not include credit card number or other financial account information . 4 . Other Information Collected From Third Parties EA may also receive other information from third parties , including in connection with the operation and distribution of our products and services as well as market and demographic studies that we use to supplement personal and anonymous information collected or provided directly by you . Some third party services such as Twitter and Facebook may also provide us with information from your accounts there with your permission . By playing an EA game through a social network or other third party platform or service or by connecting to such a third party network , platform or service via one of our products and/or services , you are authorizing EA to collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the social network or other third party platform could provide to EA through the social network/third party platform Application Programming Interface ( API ) based on your settings on the third party social network or platform . Your agreement takes place when you connect with the third party network , platform or service via our products and/or services , and/or when you connect with , " accept " or " allow " ( or similar terms ) one of our applications through a social network , or other third party platform or service . EA may also collect or receive information about you from other EA users who choose to upload their email and other contacts . This information will be stored by us and used primarily to help you and your friends connect . EA may also receive information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or other data that we use to supplement personal information provided directly by you . A . How EA Uses Your Information EA uses your information to fulfill your specific requests , purchase orders and to send you purchase confirmation and other account-related information . In addition , the personal information you provide will allow us to send you messages about things including new products , features , enhancements , special offers , upgrade opportunities , contests and events of interest . You may also later opt out of such communications sent via email . Otherwise , EA uses personal and non-personal information , both individually and combined together , to better enhance your user experience , improve our products and services , understand the behavior and preferences of our customers , to troubleshoot technical problems , to serve advertising , for authentication purposes , to enforce our Terms of Service , to ensure proper functioning of our products and services as well as to help improve them . In addition , we combine non-personal information with personal information , such as an email address , for purposes including providing excellent customer service , administering loyalty programs and tailoring our communications , offerings , web pages or game play experience to you . By use of friend finder tools such as Facebook , Game Center or other third party services in our online and mobile products and services , you acknowledge that use of these friend finder tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your Origin Account ( and related gaming entitlements , including games played on PC , mobile and console platforms ) with your social networking profile and/or email address . Your resulting friends ' list , which may be accessible across EA social platforms as available , will be subject to this privacy policy . Note that the friends that you choose to include on any EA or Origin friends ' list may be able to find and/or identify you in the context of different EA products and services , and see the profiles you have established . Those friends may also be able to see the gamertags that you use across EA 's suite of products and services . Choose your friends carefully . If you choose to use our referral service to " Tell a Friend " about an EA product or site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address . We will send your friend an email on your behalf inviting him or her to visit the site or check out our product . EA stores your friend 's name and email for a short period for the sole purpose of sending this email and for redundancy checking , to be sure that your friend does not receive multiple copies of the same email message . We do not keep or use this information for any other purpose . Your participation in tournaments or other online game events is also conditional upon our collection , use , storage , transmission and public display of statistical data ( such as your scores , rankings and achievements ) generated through your participation . B. Will EA Share My Information With Third Parties ? EA will never share your personally identifiable information with third parties without your consent . We may , however , share non-personally identifiable , aggregated and/or public information with third parties . There may be circumstances where you may share information on your own . Please see section XI for more details about your rights to information you share publicly on EA including user generated content , forums , blogs , and profiles . You may also opt in to allow EA to share your personal information with companies and organizations that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to you . To opt out of further communications from a marketing partner or sponsor with whom your information has been shared , please contact that partner or sponsor directly . EA does not disclose any personal information about children under 18 years of age who have registered on any of our websites to third parties , or share or disclose personal information other than as set forth in this policy , provided however , that in the event of a merger , acquisition , or the unlikely event of bankruptcy , management of EA customer information may be transferred to its successor or assign regardless of age . From time to time , EA employs third party contractors to collect personal information on our behalf to provide email delivery , product , prize or promotional fulfillment , contest administration , credit card processing , shipping or other services on our sites . When requesting these services , you may be asked to supply your name , mailing address , telephone number and email address to our contractors . We ask some third party contractors , such as credit agencies , data analytics or market research firms , to supplement personal information that you provide to us for our own marketing and demographic studies , so that we can consistently improve our sites and related advertising to better meet our visitors ' needs and preferences . To enrich our understanding of individual customers , we tie this information to the personal information you provide to us . When our third party agents or service providers collect and/or have access any information other than non-personal , anonymous and/or aggregated data , EA requires that they use data consistently with our stated privacy policy . These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose without your specific consent . You will be notified before your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider , so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party . We may also access and disclose personal information , including personal communications , in connection with report abuse functions in our products and services , to enforce legal rights and comply with the law , or to comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority , or when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights , property , operations , users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage , or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on EA . Note that certain publically available information you post and communicate on our and third party sites and services is public information for which you have no expectation of privacy . See Section XI for more details . EA is a global organization and the majority of the computer systems on which EA collects , stores , and uses the information it collects or receives are based in the United States and The Netherlands . We may also utilize data storage facilities located in Asia , Canada and/or the European Union . Your personal information may be transferred to , used , processed or held by EA in the United States and in other countries , including countries outside your country of residence both in and outside the European Union and Asia , and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy . EA understands the importance of keeping your information safe and secure . EA will make commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal information and ensure the security of our systems . When you enter sensitive financial information ( such as a credit card number ) on our order forms , we encrypt the transmission of that information using commercially reasonable methods . No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however . We can not guarantee that your information will not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical , or managerial safeguards . We can not assume responsibility or liability for unauthorized access to our servers and systems . You can correct or update your account information at any time by logging on our site and navigating to " My Account , " and viewing your " Basic Information " or other account settings . Should you be unable to log in or wish to have your account ( s ) deactivated , contact the Privacy Policy Administrator in your country as listed on our site at privacyadmin.ea.com , or if your country is not listed , by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator in the United States . We will be happy to review , update or remove information as appropriate . We may still retain your information in our files however , to resolve disputes , enforce our user agreement , and due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security , integrity and operation of our websites . Some EA sites or services may collect personal information that is not accessible via our site . However , in such cases , you may be able to access that information through alternative means of access described by the service or by writing your local privacy policy administrator at privacyadmin.ea.com and you will be contacted within 30 days regarding your request . If you 've granted EA access to your Facebook account information through an EA or Playfish application , you may request that EA delete your Facebook information by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator listed at privacyadmin.ea.com and specifying the Facebook application used . Note that as a result of deleting your data associated with an application on Facebook , you will no longer have access to that application . Many EA online or mobile products and services are intended for general audiences and do not knowingly collect any personal information from children . When an EA online or mobile product or service does request age information , and users identify themselves as under 13 , the product or service will either block such users from providing personal information , or we will ensure consent is obtained from parents for the collection , use and sharing of their children 's personal information . At that time , we will provide a description of the information that the child may make publically available , how we will use the information and other practices . We will not knowingly ask children under the age of 13 to provide more information than is reasonably necessary to provide our services . Please note that if you grant consent for your child to use EA 's online or mobile products and services , this may include such general audience communication services as email , instant messaging , and online groups , and your child will be able to communicate with , and disclose personal information to , other users of all ages . Parents can review , edit , request the deletion , or prevent further collection or use of their children 's personal information or make inquiries regarding this policy by sending an email to privacy_policy @ ea.com ; writing to Privacy Policy Administrator , 209 Redwood Shores Parkway , Redwood City , CA 94065 ; or calling ( 650 ) 628-1393 . Alternatively , you may also contact the appropriate Privacy Policy Administrator for your country listed at privacyadmin.ea.com . If we change this privacy statement in a way that expands the collection , use or disclosure of children 's personal information to which a parent has previously consented , the parent will be notified and we will be required to obtain the parent 's additional consent . We encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers and disclosing personal information online . You and your child should review our Online Safety web page for additional information about using the Internet safely . Information collected is secured in a manner consistent with this privacy policy ( see Section VIII above ) . If we change how we handle your child 's information , we will notify you in a manner consistent with this policy . Under no circumstances do we condition a child 's participation in an activitylike contestson the child 's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity . On certain sites , we may not permit children to participate at all regardless of consent . You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to EA sites or games or in our online chat rooms , blogs , message boards , user " profiles " for public view or in similar forums on our sites and/or on third party sites . Information that you disclose in any of these forums is unencrypted , public information , may be accessed or recorded by EA employees , and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there . You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages . We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to make public in any of these forums . Note also that in the ordinary course of Internet activity , certain information may be sent from your browser to third parties such as advertising networks and analytics companies . EA has no control over the information sent from your browser to those networks or other third parties and recommends that you ensure that your browser settings prevent the disclosure of information you would not like to share . If you post a video , image or photo on one of our sites for public view you should be aware that these may be viewed , collected , copied and/or used by other users without your consent . We are not responsible for the videos , images or photos that you choose to submit to EA 's site . Please see our Terms of Service at terms.ea.com on this point and for other guidelines about posting content on our websites . Our website may contain advertising or services which link to other websites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube . The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement , authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party . If you click on a link to a third party site , including on an advertisement , you will leave the EA site you are visiting and go to the site you selected . Because we can not control the activities of third parties , we can not accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties , and we can not guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as EA . We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services . If you visit a third party website that is linked to an EA site , you should consult that site 's privacy policy before providing any personal information . Members may register for other services from our site ( s ) . Certain products and/or services available on our site are provided to you in partnership with third party ( s ) and may require you to disclose personally identifiable information in order to register for and access such products and/or services . Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration . If you elect to register for such products and/or services your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third party ( s ) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party ( s ) . We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) and , therefore , you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) prior to providing your personally identifiable information in connection with such products and/or services . If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact the EA Privacy Policy Administrator for the country in which you reside at the email address or postal address specified at privacyadmin.ea.com . If your country is not listed , please contact the United States ' Privacy Policy Administrator or write to Privacy Policy Administrator , Electronic Arts Inc. , 209 Redwood Shores Pkwy , Redwood City , CA 94065 . If your inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed , you should contact TRUSTe here or at https : //feedback.truste.com as instructed above . TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns . Please note that the TRUSTe program only covers information that is collected through this Website , and does not cover information that may be collected through any software downloaded from this Website . For more information and updates to our online Privacy Policy , visit privacy.ea.com . Under California law , California Residents who have an established business relationship with Electronic Arts Inc . ( EA ) or one of its subsidiaries may choose to opt out of EA disclosure of personal information about them to third parties for direct marketing purposes . As detailed above , our policy is not to disclose personal information collected online to a third party for direct marketing purposes without your approval . If you choose to opt-out at any time after granting approval , email privacy_policy @ ea.com or write to Privacy Policy Administrator , Electronic Arts Inc. , 209 Redwood Shores Pkwy , Redwood City , CA 94065 . The purpose of this Section is to provide a streamlined method for resolution of disputes between us if they arise . As discussed below , if we can not resolve our disputes informally and you are awarded a sum at arbitration greater than EA 's last settlement offer to you ( if any ) , EA will pay you 150 % of your arbitration award , up to $ 5000 over and above your arbitration award . PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY . IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS . Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to your satisfaction by logging into our customer support interface with your Origin Account at help.ea.com . In the unlikely event that EA can not resolve a concern to your satisfaction ( or if EA can not resolve a concern it has with you after attempting to do so informally ) , then you and EA agree to be bound by the following procedure to resolve any and all disputes between us . This provision applies to all consumers to the fullest extent allowable by law , but expressly excludes residents of Quebec , Russia , Switzerland , the Member States of the European Union , and the Republic of Korea . By accepting these terms , you and EA expressly waive the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action . This agreement is intended to be interpreted broadly . This Section covers any and all disputes between us ( " Disputes " ) , including without limitation :  - claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us , whether based in contract , tort , statute , fraud , misrepresentation or any other legal theory ; - claims that arose before this Agreement or any prior agreement ( including , but not limited to , claims relating to advertising ) ; - claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class ; and - claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement . The only disputes that are not covered by this Section are the following :  - a claim to enforce or protect , or concerning the validity of , any of your or EA 's ( or any of EA 's licensors ' ) intellectual property rights ; - a claim related to , or arising from , allegations of theft , piracy , or unauthorized use ; - In addition , nothing in this Section shall prevent either party from initiating a small claims court action . References to " EA , " " you , " and " us " include our respective subsidiaries , affiliates , agents , employees , predecessors in interest , successors , and assigns , as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or Software under this or prior Agreements between us . This arbitration provision evidences a transaction in interstate commerce , and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision . This arbitration provision shall survive termination of these Terms of Service . A. Informal Negotiations/Notice of Dispute . You and EA agree to first attempt to negotiate any Dispute informally for at least 30 days before initiating arbitration . Such informal negotiations commence upon receipt of written notice from one person to the other ( " Notice of Dispute " ) . Notices of Dispute must : ( a ) include the full name and contact information of the complaining party ; ( b ) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute ; and ( c ) set forth the specific relief sought ( " Demand " ) . EA will send its Notice of Dispute to your billing address ( if you provided it to us ) or to the email address you provided to us . You will send your Notice of Dispute to : Electronic Arts Inc. , 209 Redwood Shores Parkway , Redwood City CA 94065 , ATTENTION : Legal Department . B. Binding Arbitration . If you and EA are unable to resolve a Dispute through informal negotiations within 30 days after receipt of the Notice of Dispute , either you or EA may elect to have the Dispute finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration . Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on the other . YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY THIS PROVISION , YOU AND EA ARE FOREGOING THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL . The arbitration shall be commenced and conducted under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association ( AAA ) and , where appropriate , the AAA 's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes ( AAA Consumer Rules ) , both of which are available at the AAA website www.adr.org . Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Rules and , where appropriate , limited by the AAA Consumer Rules . If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive , or if you send EA a notice to the Notice of Dispute address above indicating that you are unable to pay the fees required to initiate an arbitration , then EA will promptly pay all arbitration fees and expenses . The arbitration may be conducted in person , through the submission of documents , by phone or online . The arbitrator will make a decision in writing , and shall provide a statement of reasons if requested by either party . The arbitrator must follow applicable law , and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so . You and EA may litigate in court to compel arbitration , to stay proceeding pending arbitration , or to confirm , modify , vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator . C. Restrictions . You and EA agree that any arbitration shall be limited to the Dispute between EA and you individually . To the full extent permitted by law , ( 1 ) no arbitration shall be joined with any other ; ( 2 ) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated on a class action-basis or to utilize class action procedures ; and ( 3 ) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons . YOU AND EA AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY , AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING . Further , unless both you and EA agree otherwise , the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person 's claims , and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding . If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable , then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void . D. Location . If you are a resident of the United States , arbitration will take place at any reasonable location convenient for you . For residents outside the United States , arbitration shall be initiated in the County of San Mateo , State of California , United States of America , and you and EA agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court , in order to compel arbitration , to stay proceedings pending arbitration , or to confirm , modify , vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator . E. Recovery and Attorneys ' Fees . If the arbitrator rules in your favor on the merits of any claim you bring against EA and issues you an award that is greater in monetary value than EA 's last written settlement offer made before written submissions are made to the arbitrator , then EA will :  - Pay you 150 % of your arbitration award , up to $ 5,000 over and above your arbitration award ; and - Pay your attorney , if any , the amount of attorneys ' fees , and reimburse any expenses ( including expert witness fees and costs ) that you or your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating , preparing , and pursuing your claim in arbitration ( " the attorney premium " ) . The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees , expenses , and the alternative payment and the attorney premium at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator 's ruling on the merits . The right to attorneys ' fees and expenses discussed above supplements any right to attorneys ' fees and expenses you may have under applicable law , although you may not recover duplicative awards of attorneys ' fees or costs . EA waives any right it may have to seek an award of attorneys ' fees and expenses in connection with any arbitration between us . F. Limitation on Arbitrator 's Authority . The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party 's individual claim . G. Changes to This Provision . Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary , we agree that if EA makes any future change to this arbitration provision ( other than a change to the Notice Address ) , you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to the Arbitration Notice Address provided above . By rejecting any future change , you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this provision . 
ROBLOX Privacy Policy TRUSTe Children privacy certification ROBLOX Corporation ( ROBLOX ) is an online virtual world and building game . Your privacy is important to us ; this is why we created this Privacy Policy so that you are aware of what information is collected , how we use it and who we share it with . Our offices are located at 60 East Third Avenue , suite 201 San Mateo , California , 94401 . This privacy policy covers the site www.roblox.com and our Mobile App . ROBLOX works like this :  a user creates a username and a virtual character that is his or her identity in the ROBLOX world users interact with other users through in-game chat , personal messaging ( site contained ) , and user forums ; privacy settings allow users or parents to restrict communications with other users each user is given one or more pieces of virtual real estate on which they can build houses , cars , machines , or anything else you can build with building blocks ; these places are called games users search for , find , and play games made by other users ; they play these games with other users from around the world , and are identified only by their virtual character name users earn tickets and/or ROBUX , our virtual currency ; users earn these in a variety of ways , and use them to buy items for their characters , including virtual hats , shirts , and pants ; users can also sell these items , earning tickets and/or ROBUX users can purchase premium services , including : Builder 's Club , a monthly subscription that grants the user more virtual places and a daily allowance , among other things ; user may also purchase ROBUX with which they may buy virtual goods on the site users may sign up to receive our monthly newsletter ; they may opt-out at any time by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication . ROBLOX users may play as guests ; in this mode , users remain anonymous and interact with the website and game in Menu Chat Mode no free chat , no personal messaging to or from users , no posting to the forums , and other restrictions designed to prevent users from sharing personal information , intentional or otherwise . As guests , users are unable to save play statistics , accumulate points , share models , or participate in our virtual economy . Users wishing to save statistics , share models , and participate in the economy are required to enter a username and password . We advise users to create a username that does not reflect their own name nor reveal personally identifiable information . We also advise users to pick a password that is not easy to guess , and to not share that password . For security reasons , we store passwords in encrypted form . User Names are used for participating in site features and are not used to identify individual users outside of their activities on our site . Usernames are not passed along to 3rd parties except in the case where a purchase is made to be credited to the account . In this case our purchasing vendor is given the account name in order to credit the account when the transaction is completed . All users are asked for , but are not required to give , an email address on signup . Under 13 users are required to give us a parent email , which is then verified , in order to receive the ROBLOX newsletter . Under 13 users who wish to change or add an email address to their account must contact ROBLOX via email at info @ roblox.com . If there is no verified parent email address they are required to provide us with one which is then verified in order to proceed . Registered users who are under 13 after first signing up are put into Privacy Mode . Privacy Mode limits who may interact with a user outside of games and limits the user to a whitelist-filtered language system in all public areas of the site . To opt-in to black-list filtered free-chat mode users must have their parents contact ROBLOX Customer Service for assistance by writing to info @ roblox.com . ROBLOX requires a verified email address for the parents in order to change this setting . In addition , ROBLOX uses the verified parent email address to notify parents of other change requests such as receiving newsletters and participation in certain activities on the site . All text on the site is filtered proactively to remove references to addresses , emails , phone numbers , age , and other personally identifiable information regardless of security and privacy settings . All text is also filtered for profanity , phishing , and adult or suggestive content . Our system is a combination of human and automated processes ; like all filtering technology , our processes are not 100 % effective . Users wishing to purchase Builders Club or ROBUX are required to enter billing information , including name , billing address , credit card or PayPal number , and billing email . For children under 13 , we request the parent 's billing information . Billing information is retained to support customer service inquiries , but we do not retain the full credit card number . If you ( or your child ) choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site , we will ask you for your friend 's name . We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site ; ROBLOX does not store this information . If your child opts-in to receiving our monthly newsletter we will send you a notice at the email address provided during the sign up process in order to allow you to opt them out of receiving it if you wish to do so . You may opt your child out at any time by clicking the opt-out link in the newsletter verification email . We use your child 's username to send them service related messages and allow other users of the site to communicate with them . If you no longer wish to allow your child to receive such communications please contact us at info @ roblox.com or update their communications within their account . We do not collect any Personal Information from children other than the parent 's email address , and a username and password . We do not ask you for , access , or track any location based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Mobile Application or Services . ROBLOX uses a software technology called cookies . Cookies are small text files that we place in visitors ' computer browsers to store their preferences . These cookies do not store personally identifiable information . For account security purposes , we may store a cookie that contains the encrypted user password ; the original password can not be recovered by hackers . Users who disable cookies in their browsers will not be able to logon to the ROBLOX website or play the ROBLOX game . We also use cookies and clear gifs ( on-page tracking code ) to track user entry onto and movement within the ROBLOX website . This helps us credit advertisers appropriately , and measure the health and effectiveness of our website . For example , we use tracking to determine if new page designs are user friendly or too complicated . Our tracking approach is industry standard , and includes non-personally identifiable information such as IP address , browser type , and date/time . Additionally , when visitors come to our site , we automatically collect some non-personally identifiable computer information , such as the type of computer operating system ( e.g. , Windows 95 or Mac OS ) , the web browser ( e.g. , Netscape , Internet Explorer ) being used , IP address , and information regarding the Internet service provider . This information is used to provide technical and community support . Geolocation information about accounts is not collected or stored by ROBLOX when using a mobile application on our site . We also collect performance data from within ROBLOX Studio or the ROBLOX Player . We use this data retrospectively to improve the user experience of our games . This information includes in-game networking activity , CPU load , and resource usage , among other relevant data . Some of our business partners ( e.g. advertisers ) use cookies on our site . Under 13 user accounts receive ads through a separate and different feed so that they are never given these cookies and no information is passed to these 3rd parties . For accounts over 13 we have no access to or control over these cookies . This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by ROBLOX ( www.roblox.com ) only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers for older users . We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site . These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here or http : //preferences-mgr.truste.com/ . We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone . This software may record information such as how often you use the application , the events that occur within the application , aggregated usage , performance data , and from where the application was downloaded . We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile application . We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy . We do not sell your personal information to third parties . We pass user billing information on to our transaction processing partners . This is done for non-anonymous payment types , including credit card , Pay by Phone , and PayPal payments . For recurring monthly transactions , PayPal retains the credit card authorization on file , but we do not . We share aggregate web activity data , such as page views and unique visitor counts , with our advertising partners . No personally identifiable information is shared . We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Web site . To the extent permitted by applicable law , we also may disclose personally identifiable information in response to a law enforcement agencies or other public agencies ( including schools or children services ) request or if we feel that such disclosure may prevent the instigation of a crime , facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a child using our website , protect the security or integrity of our website , or enable us to take precautions against liability . We will not use or transfer personally identifiable information in ways that are materially different from the ones described above without also providing parental notification of such practices and obtaining consent for any materially different uses . Parents have the right to consent to the site 's use of their child 's personal information without having to consent to the disclosure of that information to third parties as we do not share children 's information with third parties . The security of your personal information is important to us . When you enter sensitive information ( such as a credit card number ) on our registration or order forms , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) . We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it . No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however . Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security . If you use a bulletin board , blog , or chat room on this Web site , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages . We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums . If a user under 13 uses our bulletin board , blog or chat room on this Web site these features are moderated so that users are unable to post personal information about themselves . However , no use of moderation is 100 % effective and you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there could be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums . To request removal of yours or your child 's personal information from our blog , or community forums , contact us at info @ roblox.com . In some cases , we may not be able to remove such personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why . When a child enters a parent 's email address during signup , the parent receives an email notification of the account creation and an invitation to review chat and privacy settings for the account . The parent may also provide their consent to allow their child to receive targeted ads on our site at this time . A parent receiving a verification email has two options . First , the parent can choose not to respond ; in this case , the child remains with all default privacy settings and whitelisted chat options . Second , the parent can choose to click the link in the email and review the settings ; in this case , the child may be opted-in to free ( but filtered ) text communications , including free-text chat and personal messaging ( site limited ) , forum posts , and site commentary . A child can send an email request to their parent to change the settings at any time . Requests for changes to an account can be made by contacting info @ roblox.com . Parents can close a child 's account by contacting ROBLOX customer service at info @ roblox.com . This hides the account from all other ROBLOX users and outside parties . The account data is not deleted , but retained internally for three purposes . Billing information and transaction histories are retained to resolve subsequent billing disputes and inquiries . Public domain content is retained for use by the community e.g. a virtual shirt sold by the child to another user is kept in the system because the recipient now owns a copy of that article . Finally , user account history is retained to support subsequent customer service inquiries . All retained data for a closed account is private and visible only to employees of ROBLOX . We may store the date of birth of your child and graduate a player to have more Web site access once they turn 13 . We will notify the parent once their child has reached 13 and may prompt the child to then provide us with their email address the next time they sign into their account . If your child opts-in to receive our monthly newsletter we will send you a notice ( to the email address your child provides for you ) . We will only collect your child 's email address for the sole purpose of sending them the newsletter . Facebook Connect or other OpenID provider If you are over 13 you can log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider . These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form . Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network . If your personally identifiable information changes , or if you no longer desire our service , you may correct , update , amend , or deactivate it by making the change on our member information page ( or by emailing our Customer Support at info @ roblox.com ) or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below . You have the right to review personal information collected from your child , and have that personal information deleted or refuse further collection and use of the personal information collected from your child by contacting us at the email address listed above . Data Retention We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services . If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at info @ roblox.com . We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . ROBLOX has been awarded TRUSTe 's Children 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . The TRUSTe program only covers the site www.roblox.com and does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , please contact the ROBLOX Privacy Manager at ( 888 ) 858-BLOX first . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices . If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective . We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices . We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently . If we make material changes to how we use Personal Information regarding children we will notify by email in order to obtain permission from parents for the new uses of the child 's Personal Information . If you have any questions , comments , or concerns regarding our privacy policy and/or practices , please contact us at the following e-mail address , telephone number , or address : info @ roblox.com ( 888 ) 858-BLOX ROBLOX Privacy Manager PO Box 1265 San Mateo , CA 94401 Privacy Private Play Mode users in this mode can not free-chat , send or receive personal messages to or from other users , post to forums , or edit any free-text field Communications Personal Messaging user-to-user and ROBLOX-to-user messaging inside the ROBLOX website In-Game Chat user-to-user messaging inside the ROBLOX game client Forums user and staff collaborative help and interest forums Wiki user and staff collaborative help and tutorial pages Moderation Text Filtering all user-generated text is pre-filtered for inappropriate content Text Filtering Black List list of inappropriate keywords and word patterns Image Moderation all images are pre-filtered by human moderators Abuse Reports all users and content can be reported for abuse or inappropriateness Effective Date December 13 , 2011 Last Updated August 20 , 2013 
Yahoo takes your privacy seriously . Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy . The federal government and technology industry have developed practical tips to help you guard against Internet fraud , secure your computer and protect your personal information . How Yahoo Uses Your Personal Information This policy covers how Yahoo treats personal information that Yahoo collects and receives , including information related to your past use of Yahoo products and services . Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available . This privacy policy only applies to Yahoo This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control , or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage . In addition , some companies that Yahoo has acquired have their own , preexisting privacy policies which may be viewed on our acquired companies page . Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program Yahoo participates in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union . To view our certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site . For more information about Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program , please visit our Safe Harbor details page . Return to top General Yahoo collects personal information when you register with Yahoo , when you use Yahoo products or services , when you visit Yahoo pages or the pages of certain Yahoo partners , and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes . Yahoo may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies . When you register we ask for information such as your name , email address , birth date , gender , ZIP code , occupation , industry , and personal interests . For some financial products and services we might also ask for your address , Social Security number , and information about your assets . When you register with Yahoo and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us . Yahoo collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners , including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer . Yahoo automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser , including your IP address , Yahoo cookie information , software and hardware attributes , and the page you request . Yahoo uses information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients . Return to top When Yahoo has knowledge that a child under age 13 is attempting to register with Yahoo , we ask the child to have a parent or guardian create a Yahoo Family Account to obtain parental permission . Visit Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts to learn more about children 's privacy on Yahoo . Return to top Yahoo does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances : We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo under confidentiality agreements . These companies may use your personal information to help Yahoo communicate with you about offers from Yahoo and our marketing partners . However , these companies do not have any independent right to share this information . We have a parent 's permission to share the information if the user is a child under age 13 . See Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts for more information about our privacy practices for children under 13 . We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims . We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Yahoo 's terms of use , or as otherwise required by law . We transfer information about you if Yahoo is acquired by or merged with another company . In this event , Yahoo will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy . Yahoo displays targeted advertisements based on personal information . Advertisers ( including ad serving companies ) may assume that people who interact with , view , or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteriafor example , women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area . Yahoo does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad . However , by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad . Yahoo advertisers include financial service providers ( such as banks , insurance agents , stock brokers and mortgage lenders ) and non-financial companies ( such as stores , airlines , and software companies ) . Yahoo works with vendors , partners , advertisers , and other service providers in different industries and categories of business . For more information regarding providers of products or services that you 've requested please read our detailed reference links . Return to top Yahoo may set and access Yahoo cookies on your computer . Yahoo lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer . Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not this one . Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Yahoo 's cookies . Yahoo uses web beacons to access Yahoo cookies inside and outside our network of web sites and in connection with Yahoo products and services . Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences General You can edit your Yahoo Account Information , including your marketing preferences , at any time . New categories of marketing communications might be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time . Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive . We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Yahoo service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and the Yahoo Newsletter , that are considered part of your Yahoo account , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them . You can delete your Yahoo account by visiting our Account Deletion page . Please click here to read about information that might possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted . Return to top We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs . We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you . To learn more about security , including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take , please read Security at Yahoo . CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Yahoo may update this policy . We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Yahoo account or by placing a prominent notice on our site . Return to top If you have questions , suggestions , or wish to make a complaint , please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at : Yahoo ! Inc . Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues 701 First Avenue Sunnyvale , CA 94089 ( 408 ) 349-5070 If you feel that your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please click here for information on consumer agencies that may be able to provide you with additional assistance . Last Updated : May 31 , 2013 
Privacy statement Hattrick Ltd , a company with its registered address at Suites 41/42 , Victoria House , 26 Main Street , Gibraltar , publisher of Hattrick.org , has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy . The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site . Hattrick has under the Gibraltar Data Protection Ordinance of 2004 registered as Data Controller with the Gibraltar Data Protection Commissioner ( http : //www.gra.gi/index.php ?site=dataprotection ) . Hattrick processes the data itself and is the legal entity responsible for processing the data . Further , Hattrick 's Game Masters , as a part of administering and supervising the games , act as Hattrick 's data assistants and process the data , within and outside the EEA area . The game masters have entered into confidentiality agreements with Hattrick to protect your privacy . Since the game masters act as data processors the game masters have no independent responsibility for the processing but all such responsibility is borne by Hattrick Ltd . Hattrick will process your data for the purposes of operating and administering Hattrick , to gather statistics and in supervising adherence to these terms and conditions and the Game Rules and for the specific purposes explained below . Hattrick stores user data that has either been submitted to our system by you ( such as account details or in-game communication ) , data that has been created or logged automatically by our systems ( for example IP logs or game updates ) , as well as any manual notes that has been added by customer service , developers or Game Masters to record account events . We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site . IP addresses are also logged and used for security purposes , and may be used in abuse investigations or to identify cheaters within the game itself . We do not use cookies to extract information from you , solely to simplify your visits , mainly by having cookies remember which language and specific part of the site you want to start your visit with , or to remember last login date so that we can distinguish new users from returning ones . A temporary cookie is also used to keep track of your " session " . Without that temporary cookie ( which is not stored after you quit your browser ) you would have had to log on again on each page . You can turn off cookies in your web browser ( more information about this is available at http : //www.aboutcookies.org/ ) . This will however make it more or less impossible to access many of the functions on our web site . When you follow links from Hattrick to other web sites , these may install tracking cookies on your computer . This is beyond the control of Hattrick . We reserve the right to use cookies for the purpose of serving and/or targeting ads , offers and other marketing messages . No personal customer data is ever shared with the advertising companies . Our site 's registration form requires users to give us contact information ( like their name , e-mail , and postal address ) . Contact information from the registration forms is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary . It is in the users interest to submit truthful information , as this is also used to verify the user 's right to his or her account . The customer 's e-mail address is used to send an e-mail verification message , Hattrick newsletters ( this can be opted out from ) , password reminders upon request , inactivity reminders , subscription expiration reminders , order confirmations , information about changes in the terms of use and very seldomly information about new features to users with deleted accounts . Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site . This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis . Our site uses an order form for customers to request information , products , and services . We collect contact information ( like their e-mail address ) , and financial information ( like their account or credit card numbers ) . Contact information from the order forms is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary . Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services . Our occasional voluntary online surveys ask visitors for demographic information ( like zip code , age , or income level ) . Contact information from the surveys is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary . Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site . This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis . This site contains links to other sites . Hattrick is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites . Hattrick will not share customer data with outside companies or sites , even if we have a special relationship with them . Sponsors , business partners , co-branded sites or content providers may get the opportunity to offer products and services to you within the Hattrick web site , but we will ask you before passing on any of your personal information to other parties . The only exception is if another company needs the data for the operation of the service and they agree to adhere to our privacy policy or if Hattrick would transfer substantially all of its assets relating to the game to another company . This site makes chat rooms , forums , message boards , and/or news groups available to its users . Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information . If you upload pictures of yourself , Hattrick will consider your uploading as your express consent to the use of your picture . If pictures would include pictures of your friends or other third parties , you must ensure that such persons have consented to the publishing of the picture before uploading it . All other information that you directly or indirectly create or access within Hattrick is considered to be in-game information and may be accessed and used by us for the operation of the game , including investigations into cheating , fraud or criminal activities . Barring a court order , we will not share such information with third parties other than the police , our Game Masters , our system administrators , our legal representatives and companies that develop or operate the game and have agreed to adhere to our privacy policy . This site has security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control . These include firewalls , physical security and password protection . You can choose to terminate your Hattrick account at any time by contacting a local Game Master or if that is not possible by contacting Hattrick at privacy @ hattrick.org . E-mail messages may be sent to all registered users . You can opt out from receiving most messages only by terminating the account . You can opt out from The Hattrick Newsletter under My Hattrick > Preferences > Site Preferences . This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided : - You can change your data under MyHattrick > Preferences . - You can contact your local GM using the in-game messaging tool . If you have any questions about this privacy statement , or the practices of this site , you can contact privacy @ hattrick.org . If you want a copy of your personal data , or if you want us to erase it , please send us a personally signed letter to the address stated above . Hattrick may from time to time revise this Privacy Statement by updating this posting . Such amendments will be communicated here , to the e-mail address stated in your account or through a notice on our home page . Your continued use of this site and the resources enabled by the site will signify and represent your consent to such processing and of the conditions set out in the Privacy Statement . 
Privacy Policy for Users Cassava Enterprises ( Gibraltar ) Limited ( the " Company " or " we " ) offers gambling services via its in-house brands such as ( i ) 888 , ( ii ) Casino-on-Net , ( iii ) 888casino , ( iv ) Pacific Poker , ( v ) 888poker , ( vi ) 888sport , ( vii ) 888bingo , ( viii ) 888ladies , ( ix ) 888games , ( x ) 888play , ( xi ) Reef Club Casino ; ( xii ) LuckyAcePoker ; and ( xiii ) Euro City Casino ( each an " In-House Brand " ) and via third parties ' brands as part of so called " white labels " such as ( i ) Lotos , ( ii ) Tower Torneos , ( iii ) Harrah 's , ( iv ) Oxygen9casino and ( v ) SnapCall ( each a " White Label Brand " ) . In addition to offering its gambling services via the Internet ( the " Internet Platform " ) , the Company may from time to time offer its services via alternative platforms such as ( i ) interactive television , ( ii ) mobile gaming platforms , ( iii ) in-flight entertainment platforms , and ( iv ) Facebook applications ( each , an " Alternative Platform " ) . When you use the Company 's gambling services either via an In-House Brand or a White Label Brand , and whether such use is via the Internet Platform or an Alternative Platform , you shall be asked to provide personal identifiable information ( " PII " ) to the Company . The Company is committed to respecting your privacy and to complying with applicable data protection and privacy laws and we have therefore provided this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we collect , use and safeguard your PII for the purpose of offering you gambling services . If you do not understand the Privacy Policy or how we handle or use the PII which you provide to us then you are invited to send in your questions to support @ 888.com and we will do our best to answer your questions in full as quickly as possible . You should read this Privacy Policy in conjunction with the 888.com Group Operated Sites and Services End User License Agreement . We collect PII when you register and use our gambling services , make customer inquiries , register for information or other services from the Company ( including through Facebook applications ) , or when you respond to communications from us ( such as questionnaires or surveys ) . The PII we will collect from you may include , for example , your name , email address , home address , telephone number , voice sample ( which will not be kept on our records ) , debit/credit card data and date of birth and other information collected on registration or through surveys which the Company shall undertake . The PII which you provide to us will be processed for one or more of the following Purposes : ( i ) to allow us to provide you with gambling services ; ( ii ) to process any of your requests for information ; ( iii ) to provide member support services to you ; ( iv ) to market our services , websites or products or those of other entities existing within the same group of companies in which the Company exists ( the " Cassava Group " ) or those of any of our business partners and affiliates ; ( v ) to notify you about updates to our software and/or services ; and ( vi ) to support any of the intended purposes specifically stated at the time at which you provided the PII . Your PII may , for the Purposes , be disclosed for processing to any of the following Recipients : ( i ) to any companies within the Cassava Group and their employees who have a need to know such information ; ( ii ) to white label partners where we provide you with gambling services via a White Label Brand ; ( iii ) to any third parties which provide services to the Company in order to allow or enable us to provide you with gambling services , including by way of example payment processors and data verifiers ; ( iv ) to any third parties who provide the Cassava Group services in relation to the operation of 888sport ; ( v ) to any auditors , contractors or other advisers auditing any of Cassava Group 's business processes ; and ( vi ) to any potential purchasers or investors in any company within the Cassava Group . Any processing performed by any Recipients will , where required by law , be governed by a data processing agreement in the form required by law , preserving any and all of your statutory data protection rights and obligating the Recipients to respect the PII and handle it in accordance with the relevant laws . We ensure that your information will not be disclosed to government institutions or authorities except if required by law . Out of respect for your right to privacy we are happy to provide you with an easy means to decline receiving email offers from us or from any other companies within the Cassava Group . At any time , you may request to discontinue receiving these offers by sending a blank message with the word " Remove " in the subject area to support @ 888.com . If you would like to stop receiving our mail or telemarketing offers , please write to Cassava Enterprises ( Gibraltar ) Limited , Suite 601/701 , Europort , Gibraltar . You can write to us at any time to obtain a copy of your PII and to have any inaccuracies corrected . Where appropriate , you may have your PII rectified , amended or completed . Please email support @ 888.com . We may levy a small charge to cover the cost of administration . We have implemented suitable security policies , rules and technical measures to protect and safeguard all the PII under our control from unauthorized access , improper use or disclosure , unauthorized modification , unlawful destruction or accidental loss . All our employees and data processors who have access to , and are associated with the processing of your PII , are obliged to respect your privacy . We may send you a permanent cookie when you register with us . A cookie is a small file that can be placed on your computer 's hard disk for record-keeping purposes . Cookies can help us to recognize you when you next visit our website , note the advertisements you click on and the other sites you enter via a link from our website . This allows us to tailor the service we provide to your preferences . We may also use the data generated from cookies to compile statistical data on your use of our website . Our website uses four types of cookies : ( i ) ' session cookies ' which are stored only temporarily during a browsing session in order to allow normal use of the system and are deleted from your device when the browser is closed ; ( ii ) ' first party cookies ' / ' persistent cookies ' which are set and read only by our website , saved on your computer for a fixed period ( usually a year or longer ) and are not deleted when the browser is closed . Such cookies are used where we need to know who you are for repeat visits , for example to allow us to store your preferences for the next login ( such as user name and/or password ) ; ( iii ) ' third party cookies ' which are set by other websites who run content on the page you are viewing , for example by third party analytics companies who monitor and analyze our web access ; and ( iv ) ' flash cookies ' which are saved during game play to allow quicker and better gaming experience . You are not obliged to accept a cookie from us or from any other website . You can modify your browser so that it will not accept cookies . Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for instructions on how to do so correctly . However , for legitimate security reasons , we may refuse access to specific website content unless you accept the use of a cookie or similar device When you register with our Facebook application ( " App " ) and provide your consent by clicking " Play Game " on the landing page of the App , we will obtain the following from your Facebook account through the App : ( i ) your basic information ( including your name , profile picture , gender , networks , user ID , list of friends and any other information you made public on Facebook ) , ( ii ) your email address , and ( iii ) your date of birth . The App may publish in your name all of your App-related activities through your Facebook account , including bingo rooms/ lobbies you visited , achievements and winnings you earned , your high scores and more , as well as post in chats and send virtual gifts on your behalf . You shall at all times have the option to modify our permission to do all of the foregoing via your Facebook 's privacy preferences . We use a third-party advertising technology to serve advertisements when you visit our websites . This technology uses information about your visits to our websites ( not including your name , address , or other personal information ) , to serve our advertisements to you . In the course of delivering our advertisements to you , a unique third-party ' cookie ' may be placed or recognized on your browser . We also transmit website usage information about visitors to our websites to the servers of a reputable third party for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on this site and other sites . To do this , we use ' Web beacons ' and ' cookies ' provided by our third-party advertisement server on our sites . The information that is collected and logged on our behalf through this technology is not personally identifiable . If you do not want your non-personal information used to target advertisements to you , please visit www.networkadvertising.org and follow the " opt-out " instructions . The services provided by the Company are not intended for or directed to minors or persons under the age of legal consent . Any person who provides us with PII represents to us that they are 18 years of age or over the age of legal consent in their jurisdiction . We reserve the right to access and verify any PII submitted by or collected from you . If we become aware that a minor has attempted to or has submitted PII , we may not accept this information and may take steps to remove such information from our records . Since we operate globally , it may be necessary to transfer your PII to other companies within the Cassava Group located in countries outside the European Union . This may happen if our servers or such companies are based outside the European Union , if you use our services and products while visiting countries outside the European Union or if we transfer your PII to such companies for purposes regarding which you will receive advance notice . The data protection and other laws of these countries may not be as comprehensive as those in the European Union - in these instances we will take steps to ensure that a similar level of protection is given to your PII . Your PII will not be stored for any longer period than is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected . Cassava Enterprises ( Gibraltar ) Limited Suite 601/701 Europort , Gibraltar This Privacy Policy is subject to change , so please check it regularly . We reserve the right to amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and in response to changes in applicable data protection and privacy legislation . In the event the Purposes change , we will notify you as soon as possible and , where required , seek your consent where such notification relates to a new additional purpose for processing . If you have any enquiry about this Privacy Policy please write to support @ 888.com Back to Top | 888.com 
Betfair Privacy Policy Betfair wants visitors to its website to know that we are just as concerned as you are about the privacy of any personal information that you may choose to provide us ( " Personal Information " ) . In this respect we have invested heavily in providing a world class Information Security Management System , which has been accredited with ISO 27001 certification . Personal Information is any information about you and may include your name and address , date of birth , payment card details , details of betting transactions and account transfers and any other information you may wish to provide . Betfair is endeavouring to ensure that our business practices that involve the use of your Personal Information are compliant with privacy regulations in the countries where we operate . Accordingly , in this policy document ( the " Privacy Policy " ) , Betfair wants not only to advise you of your privacy rights but also explain how we intend to respect them . Any reference to " Betfair " or the " Group " within this Privacy Policy includes Betfair Group Plc and all or any of its direct or indirect subsidiary undertakings , joint venture partners , and their related companies wherever located in the world as may exist from time to time . Personal Information may be submitted on our website in two areas : Public Area If you do provide your name and address on the public area of this website in order to request information about our products and services , you may voluntarily provide additional personal information . You will be asked to provide your personal information in this area for the purposes of registering with Betfair and opening an account with us . Private Area If you are already one of our customers and have opened an account with us , you must use a password to enter the Betfair website . A " session cookie " is used to enable you to leave and re-enter our website without re-entering your password . Our web server will record the pages you visit within our website . To ensure a good quality of service we may monitor and record any communication you have with us whether in writing , by phone or by electronic mail . E-mail is not encrypted to / from either the public or private areas of this website . Betfair recommends that with the exception of your name and username/TAN you do not send us Personal Information by e-mail . Any information which you transmit to us is transmitted at your own risk . Betfair uses cookies ' in order to provide you with a better experience . To find out more about cookies , please see our Cookie Policy . Betfair will process your Personal Information in order to allow you access and make use of our website , to allow you to participate in the services offered , to administer your account , to maintain our accounts and records , to monitor website usage levels and the quality of the service we provide and to inform you , from time to time , about products and services that we consider may interest you and for related purposes . If you do not wish to receive future marketing , promotional or sales material from Betfair , you may notify us that no further material be sent to you . Our contact details are located in the ' Contact Us ' pages of our website . Betfair will as soon as reasonably practicable after receiving your request , remove your contact details from our marketing database . Betfair will also retain such information and may analyse it in order to investigate any actual or suspected criminal activity or , in respect of any event featured on our website , any threat to the integrity of that event and/or breaches of the rules of that event as laid down by the relevant governing ( including sporting ) bodies . All rights in the manner of recording your Personal Information held by Betfair ( including copyright and database rights ) are and shall remain its property . Telephone calls and betting data relating to users will be recorded and may be actively monitored for which purposes all users hereby consent . Your Personal Information may , for the purposes described above , be transferred or disclosed to any company within the Group or , subject to appropriate agreement to third parties , for the processing of that Personal Information on our behalf . The Group may , from time to time , retain third parties to process your Personal Information for the purposes listed above and such processing will be governed by a contract in the form required by law . Where required by law , your Personal Information may also be disclosed to an applicable governmental , regulatory , sporting or enforcement authority . Additionally , in circumstances where we deem it appropriate , your Personal Information may be disclosed to any regulatory authority ( whether at the request of such authority or otherwise ) which has issued Betfair with a gambling operating licence . Your Personal Information may also be disclosed to any regulatory or sporting body in connection with policing the integrity or enforcing the rules of a sport or game and/or prevention and detection of crime and with whom the Group has agreements ( Memoranda of Understanding or " MOUs " ) from time to time for the sharing of such data and where the Group considers that there are reasonable grounds to suspect that you may be involved in a breach of such rules or the law , have knowledge of a breach of such rules or the law or otherwise pose a threat to the integrity of the relevant sport or game . Those bodies may then use your Personal Information to investigate and act on any such breaches in accordance with their procedures . In connection with the above purposes it may be necessary , or a legal requirement , for Betfair to disclose information to entities located in countries outside the UK , Malta , the EU and Australia in each case in accordance with appropriate technical and organizational security measures . By agreeing to this policy , by use of the Betfair site or otherwise , you agree that Betfair may store and use historical data relating to you and your account ( s ) for the purposes outlined in this policy . Betfair has entered into MOUs with the following regulatory and/or sporting bodies :  The British Horseracing Authority The Association of Professional Tennis Players The Darts Regulation Authority The International Cricket Council Cricket Australia The Rugby Football League The English Football Association The National Horseracing Authority of South Africa UEFA The Greyhound Board of Great Britain The Thoroughbred Racing Protective Bureau ( US horseracing ) Grand Slam Committee The Lawn Tennis Association The International Tennis Federation The WTA ( Women 's Professional Tennis ) The Australian Football League The Rugby Football Union The British Darts Organisation The Royal Belgian Football Association The Irish Football Association The Turf Club ( Irish horseracing ) The Football Association of Ireland The Football Federation of Australia Racing Victoria Limited Racing Services Tasmania National Rugby League Limited Lawn Tennis Association of Australia Limited PGA Tour of Australasia Limited Deutscher Tennis Bund e.V ( German Tennis ) Racing and Wagering Western Australia Australian Rugby Union Harness Racing Queensland Thoroughbred Racing South Australia Greyhound Racing South Australia Limited Harness Racing South Australia Greyhound Racing New South Wales Racing New South Wales Harness Racing New South Wales The National Hockey League World Snooker Ltd Harness Racing Victoria Greyhound Racing Victoria The Tennis Integrity Unit Racing Queensland Limited New Zealand Racing Board Victorian Racing Integrity Commissioner Professional Squash Association Further MOUs may have been entered with other organizations the details of which are available on request . By providing your Personal Information and registering with us or logging on with us when you enter our website , you explicitly consent to the Group processing and disclosing your Personal Information for the purposes , and otherwise in the manner set out in this policy , or as otherwise provided in accordance with the Terms and Conditions . If you wish to qualify , vary , modify or limit your consent in relation to marketing communications or in circumstances where any processing of your data is likely to cause damage or distress or such other circumstances as the law allows then you may do so by notifying us in writing . Our contact details are located in the ' Contact Us ' pages of our website . You may at any time request a copy of your Personal Information held by Betfair in accordance with subject access rules in the Data Protection Act 2004 ( Gibraltar ) , the Privacy Act 1988 ( Australia ) and the Data Protection Act 2001 ( Malta ) . Betfair reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy including altering the purposes for which it processes your Personal Information . In the event that Betfair considers it appropriate to make any such change , the Privacy Policy will be updated and posted on our site . Your continued use of the site will constitute acceptance of those changes . For full details about Group members , where they operate , or for a copy of your Personal Information or any other queries you may have about our Privacy Policy , please contact us . Again , our contact details are located in the ' Contact Us ' pages of our website . This Privacy Policy is to be modified for customers from Germany who are transferred by TSE Global to the www.betfair.com website by the following provisions :  Customers from Germany are given access to Betfair through TSE Global Limited , Waterfront , Hammersmith Embankment , Winslow Road , London W6 9HP , email tseglobal @ googlemail.com ( 'TSE Global ' ) . TSE Global operates the www.betfair.de website . Customers in Germany seeking to place bets on sporting events will be connected from this website to the www.betfair.com website , which is operated by Betfair . TSE Global acts as an intermediary between you and Betfair . From www.betfair.de you will get to www.betfair.com on request . If you are already registered , you will also be taken from www.betfair.com to the www.betfair.de website . All personal information required for registration is exclusively collected and processed by Betfair . At the www.betfair.com website , you are asked to enter your username and password . It is possible that your username and password contains personal information ( e.g. , if you have chosen your own name as your username ) . This information is exclusively collected and processed by Betfair . * Australian Event means an event that takes place on Australian soil and/or an event that is specifically identified in the relevant market information as being governed by Betfair 's Australian licence . Your Personal Information may also be disclosed to the Tasmanian Gaming Commission ( " TGC " ) and such regulatory agencies as the TGC directs pursuant to the Gaming Control Act 1993 ( Tasmania ) . Specifically any information relating to your use of our site may ( at the TGC 's direction ) be monitored and recorded or otherwise provided to the following regulatory agencies :  The TGC ; The Director of Racing appointed under section 5 of the Racing Regulation Act 2004 ( Tasmania ) ; A Council within the meaning of the Racing Regulation Act 2004 ( Tasmania ) ; and Another person or body nominated by the TGC that either in Tasmania or elsewhere exercises powers or performs functions in respect of the conduct of racing or gaming . NOTE : There may be restrictions placed your betting on Australian Events if you have not complied with Betfair 's know your client ( " KYC " ) processes . Further information can be found in the ' Help ' pages of the website . 2011 The Sporting Exchange Limited . All rights reserved . BETFAIR is a registered trade mark of The Sporting Exchange Limited . 
OFFICIAL FREELOTTO PRIVACY POLICY Collection and Data Utilization Agreement IMPORTANT : The policies below are applicable to FreeLotto and other sites owned and operated by PlasmaNet , Inc . PlasmaNet , Inc. collects personally identifiable information during sweepstakes registration and this information is used from time to time as you use our website to : pay prize winnings , confirm entries , and selectively show you relevant ads and/or promotions . We may share your registration information with third parties who may contact you by postal mail with relevant offers . If you choose to join any of our marketing partners offers , you will be subject to their privacy policy and terms directly . Your personal information may be shared if required to be disclosed pursuant to an order or warrant issued by a court of competent jurisdiction . Players ' e-mail addresses and other personal information are kept in secure databases to protect our players ' privacy . No information should be submitted to or posted at any PlasmaNet websites by guests under 18 years of age . People under 18 years of age are not allowed to participate in FreeLotto or other sweepstakes offered by PlasmaNet . If such a person wins , his or her entry is void . All registrants receive e-mail confirming their registration and subsequent entries in FreeLotto and daily FreeLotto results with information of interest from FreeLotto . Additionally , from time to time you may receive other sponsored advertising messages from FreeLotto . You may at any time modify your registration with PlasmaNet by editing your profile on our site . Each email we send you will include a description of the simple unsubscribe process to enable you to stop receiving future e-mail of that type from FreeLotto . You may unsubscribe from each email type this way . For example , unsubscribing from a daily FreeLotto results email will result in you no longer receiving the daily FreeLotto results by email . You may however continue to receive other types of email which you can unsubscribe from in the same fashion . If you wish to stop receiving e-mail results from PlasmaNet and FreeLotto.com , you can quickly and easily unsubscribe yourself . To do so open results e-mail , scroll down to the line that reads : " If you 'd prefer not to receive the results by e-mail , please click below to unsubscribe. "  If you play FreeLotto subsequent to unsubscribing from all e-mails , you are giving PlasmaNet Inc. definite permission to resubscribe you to all mail types and your subscription to receive email results and other promotions will be automatically reinstated . This is necessary because of the substantial amount of money you can win . Your prize notifications are sent via email and it is important to respond to these emails to claim any prizes won . Furthermore , it is the sponsor that makes FreeLotto prizes possible and in order to play our games you must agree to receive our sponsored messages . If you wish to no longer receive any email from FreeLotto , you may at any time modify your registration with PlasmaNet by editing your profile on the " My Account > Unsubscribe " page of our website . PlasmaNet collects IP addresses along with web stats and traffic sources , which does not personally identify our users , to administer the site , analyze site usage/trends , and report aggregate information to our advertisers . This information is also used in your welcome email to confirm that in fact you have registered for FreeLotto and will be used in the event that you dispute registration . In some cases an IP address is specific to your computer . In other cases an IP address is randomly assigned with a block of IP addresses which are assigned by your ISP ( internet service provider ) every time you log on . An IP address is a number that 's automatically assigned to your ISP server . Web servers - the big computers that " serve " up Web pages - automatically identify your ISP by its IP address . When players request pages from PlasmaNet websites , our servers log and record the players ' IP addresses . What are cookies ? Cookies are small pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual 's hard drive for record-keeping purposes . Cookies make web-surfing easier for you by saving your registration , passwords , and references while you 're on our site . The use of cookies is an industry standard - you 'll find them at most major Web sites . By " looking " for a cookie our server can determine whether or not you have already registered to play . Cookies help our server to know you are playing , so that you do n't need to register each time you play . Cookies also help us to serve you better . Through the use of cookies we can better understand what information interests you , providing more of what you like and want from FreeLotto and our advertisers . Some examples of how we use cookies :  A cookie lets our computers remember that you 've registered , which allows us to speed up your future activities at our sites . Think of it as a membership card . Similarly , the cookie tracks which of our sponsors you 've visited so that we can continue to introduce you to new and interesting sponsors . PlasmaNet may use information we collect through cookies for promotional or marketing purposes . Use of cookies to do the record keeping saves you the trouble of entering information over and over again . If you decline cookies , you may have difficulty playing your selections and adversely impact your FreeLotto experience . We make our cookies available on an anonymous basis to other advertisers and Advertising Networks so that they can serve you ads for products you are interested in . For example , if you expressed interest in buying a new car you may receive ads about cars . However , we DO NOT include personally identifiable information with the cookies . We DO NOT use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally provided by you or provided by your browser in a visit to PlasmaNet 's web sites . We do not use cookies to track other sites that you visit on the Internet . You may get cookies from our advertisers if you visit their websites . PlasmaNet and FreeLotto do not control these cookies , and these cookies are not subject to the PlasmaNet cookies policy . The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard on the Internet . As mentioned above , we share non-personally identifiable information with third party ad serving partners so they may bring you targeted offers . This information can be associated with their cookies but will not include personally identifiable information such as your name or address . You may review our advertisers ' privacy policies when visiting their sites . To learn more about third party ad serving and how to opt out from a third party ad server 's cookie visit www.privacychoices.org . Pixel tracking is a common online adverting tool , involving the implementation of an invisible pixel tag on a webpage you visit , that is used among other things to target and/or remarket ads ( through use of anonymous cookies ) , compile website usage stats , and measure the effectiveness of advertisements . When employed as a targeting or remarketing tool , the information is collected in an anonymous cookie , which is then used by our advertising to display targeted advertisements to select audiences across the web . For example , if you showed interest in FreeLotto by clicking on our ad in a Google search result , you may be served a FreeLotto advertisement when you visit another website later on . This is made possible through the use of cookies ; however , the cookies do not collect personally identifiable information such as your name or address . Some of our business partners ( e.g. analytics companies ) use cookies and tracking pixels on our site . We have no access to or control over our partners ' use of these technologies . To opt out of Google 's use of cookies , visit Google 's Ad Settings : www.google.com/settings/ads . By using any PlasmaNet Inc. owned and operated websites , you are agreeing to these Terms and Conditions , which include the PlasmaNet Privacy Policy , Official Rules of FreeLotto and the Terms of Use . If you do not agree to this policy , please do not use our websites . We reserve the right , at our discretion , to change , modify , add , or remove portions of this policy at any time . Please check this page frequently for changes . Your continued use of the PlasmaNet sites or your continued acceptance of our results e-mail following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes . You have the right to revoke the permission you have granted to us to contact you by email as explained above . PlasmaNet respects your privacy . If you have any questions about this policy please e-mail termsofuse @ freelotto.com . 
The Wowhead website is maintained by ZAM Network , LLC . Protecting your privacy is important to us , and this statement is intended to make you aware of our commitments to you as an important visitor to our website . This policy may change from time to time , so please check back periodically . This Privacy Policy applies only to the collection and use of information collected online on the ZAM Network , LLC Website . Other websites that may be affiliated with ZAM Network , LLC may have different privacy policies . We may collect your personally identifiable information ( " Personal Information " ) when you visit the ZAM Network , LLC Website . Personal Information , however , is not collected on this website unless you choose to provide it to us . When making inquiries , ordering a product or requesting service information , participating in certain promotional activities , completing surveys , and generally corresponding with us , we may ask for certain Personal Information , including , for example , your name , mailing address , phone number and email address . If you are on a part of our website that requires you to provide your Personal Information , it will be clear what Personal Information we are requesting . We may also collect other information that is provided to us by your web browser . This may include the browser you used to come to our website , the Uniform Resource Locator ( " URL " ) of the website that you just visited before visiting our website , which pages on our website you visit , any search terms you entered , which URL you go to next , and your Internet Protocol ( " IP " ) address . Information is collected and used in various ways that will help us better serve our customers and visitors to our website , including those below . Browsing . Information collected while browsing through our website . This information is collected to help run our site more efficiently , to gather broad demographic information , to monitor the level of activity on our site , and to evaluate the effectiveness of advertising and promotion . Product Inquiries , Placing Orders , Customer Service & Technical Support . Information collected when you contact ZAM Network , LLC about our product and service offerings . This information is necessary to identify your products or systems , understand the configuration of the products , diagnose your questions , and provide solutions . Online surveys and polling . Information collected you volunteer to complete surveys or participate in polls . Surveying and polling is extremely important to us as we use this information to improve our product and service offerings . Promotional activities . When you enter a contest or other promotion , we may ask you for information such as your name , address and e-mail address to administer the program or activity , to send you promotional e-mails , notify winners and make the winners ' list publicly available in compliance with laws which may apply to such activities . Newsletters and promotional e-mails . As a service to our customers , we may e-mail you newsletters , promotional information and other information , using your Personal Information collected online . These e-mails will only be sent to you if you have agreed to receive them and you have the right to opt out from further receiving them . Contact information If you contact us , we may keep a record of your correspondence or comments , including any information therein . We use this information to help us provide better service . Sharing your Personal Information . Unless we have your permission to do otherwise , we will share the Personal Information you provide online only with ZAM Network , LLC subsidiaries or affiliates or with entities that provide services to ZAM Network , LLC or are business partners of ZAM Network , LLC , and only for legitimate purposes including those described herein . Personal Information we collect online is used for responding to inquiries , processing orders , keeping you informed about your order status , for statistical purposes , for improving our site and its performance , for developing better products and services , to serve advertisements , contests , surveys and promotions , and to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you . ZAM Network , LLC ( or part of it ) or its related entities could merge with or be acquired by another business entity or their respective assets could be acquired . Should such a combination or acquisition occur , you should expect that ZAM Network , LLC would share some or all of your Personal Information to continue serving you and other users of our website . Occasionally , we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide your Personal Information to the appropriate authorities . We will disclose your Personal Information if required by law , upon receipt of a court order or subpoena , or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation . We reserve the right to report to law enforcement authorities any activities that we , in good faith , believe to be unlawful . Use of cookies and web beacons . Cookies . A " cookie " is a small data file that a website can send to your browser , which may then be stored on your system . We use cookies to better serve you when you return to our site . Some of our web pages may send cookies when you visit our site , make purchases , respond to online surveys or promotions , participate in a contest , or request information . Accepting the cookies used on our site enables our web server to identify your system by reading the cookie that has been stored on your system , but our web server can not identify you unless you enter your Personal Information . Cookies that are placed when visiting our site can not be used to obtain your Personal Information at another site . The information collected online permits us to analyze traffic patterns on our site . This can enable us over time to provide users with a better experience on our site by improving the content and making it easier to use . Depending on the browser used , you can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie , giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it , and you can also set your browser to turn off cookies . However , if you do so , some areas of this site may not function properly , or you will be required to re-enter your Personal Information to use an area of this site . Web Beacons . We may also use web beacon technologies to better tailor the site to provide better customer service . A web beacon is a single pixel .GIF that allows a website to count users who have visited that page or access certain cookies . These web beacons may be placed on specific pages across this website . When a visitor accesses these pages , an anonymous notice of that visit is generated which may be processed by us or by our vendors . These web beacons work in conjunction with cookies . If you do n't want to associate your anonymous cookie information with your visits to these pages , depending on the browser used , you can set your browser to turn off cookies . Behavioral advertising . We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website . These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you . These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information . to learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising , you can visit http : //networkadvertising.org . If you are under the age of 18 , please make sure that you provide your Personal Information only after obtaining your parental consent . While ZAM Network , LLC does not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur , ZAM Network , LLC does take care in maintaining the security of your Personal Information and in preventing unauthorized access to it . Parts of our site contain links to our subsidiaries , affiliates and third-party websites for your convenience and information . If you use these links , you will leave ZAM Network , LLC 's website . When you access these other sites , even ones that may contain the ZAM Network , LLC mark , please understand that we do not control the content and are not responsible for the privacy practices of that website . We suggest that you carefully review the privacy policies of each website you visit . This Online Privacy Statement does not cover the information practices of those websites linked to our site . These other sites may send their own cookies to users , collect data , or solicit Personal Information . ZAM Network , LLC reserves the right to change this Online Privacy Statement at any time . Any such changes will be posted in this Privacy Statement . ZAM Network , LLC will protect your Personal Information in accordance with the laws of the United States and the state of Delaware . Read more at http : //www.wowhead.com/privacy# X6qCu2Q1r61IwoFr. 99 
PRIVACY STATEMENT Last updated July 10 , 2013 OUR PRIVACY COMMITMENT Ubisoft Inc. and its subsidiaries ( collectively , " Ubisoft " or " we " ) , respects the privacy rights of our visitors and users and recognize the importance of protecting all information that you may choose to share with us . To further this commitment , we have adopted this Privacy Policy ( " Policy " ) to guide how we collect , store , and use the information you provide us when you access Ubisoft 's websites , online games , online functions of offline games and any other online functions controlled by Ubisoft or mobile applications ( collectively , the " Services " ) . If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy , please do not use the Services . We reserve the right to change the provisions of the Policy at any time . We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was revised . We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used . Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes . This Policy and the certification seal shown on the Site confirm that Ubisoft is a member in good standing of ESRB 's Privacy Online Program . ESRB 's Privacy Online Program is designed to ensure that the Site 's information disclosure practices are responsible and appropriate . To protect your privacy , we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and this Site has been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Online to meet established online information collection and use practices . As part of this privacy program , we are subject to frequent audits of our sites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by the ESRB . TABLE OF CONTENTS What is Personal Information ? What types of personally identifiable information do we collect about our guests ? How is your personally identifiable information used and shared ? What choices do you have about the collection , use , and sharing of your personally identifiable information ? Do we collect information for children under the age of 13 ? Does this privacy policy apply to other websites linked to this Site ? What kinds of security measures do we take to safeguard your personally identifiable information ? How can you update your personal information and profile ? How can you ask questions , or send us comments , about this Privacy Policy ? A1 . As used herein , the term " personal information " means information that specifically identifies any individual ( such as a name , address , telephone number , mobile number , e-mail address , or credit card number ) , or information about that individual that is directly linked to personally identifiable information . Personal information does not include " aggregate information " , which is data we collect about the use of the Services or about a group or category of services or users , from which individual identities or other personal information has been removed . This Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information . Personal information also does not include a Device Identifier ( as defined below ) that is not connected to personal information . A2 . We collect several types of personal information about our guests in a number of ways when you visit or use the Services : Information You Provide to Us or Active Collection . We collect certain information from you when you voluntarily provide it , such as if you : Create a Ubi.com account ; Apply for a beta tester position ; Subscribe to one of our newsletters ; Email-a-friend ; Participate in our community forums or chat rooms ; Shop at one of our online stores or purchase virtual items within a Ubisoft 's game ; Receive customer or technical support ; Participate in contests , events , or promotions ; Register product online for warranty protection ; and Polls , surveys , or questionnaires . Typically , the personal information collected includes : Name ; email address ; telephone number ; shipping and billing address ; date of birth , and for those purchasing products through the Services . Additionally , we may also collect demographic information such as your age , gender , country and zip code of residence , recent game purchases , and game ownership and preferences . This demographic information may be associated with your personal information . If this demographic information is connected with personal information , we will treat the demographic information as personal information . Furthermore , Ubisoft may collect information regarding the user 's behavior , and his/her use of Ubisoft 's demos and in-game data such as achievements , rankings , time played to better adapt our products and Services to users ' interests and for a better quality of our services For some features of the Service , you may be able to submit information about other people . For instance , if you wish to send a coupon or advertisement to a friend you may submit some of your friend 's personal information . Ubisoft will use any such information that we collect from you about another person to carry out your request . Passive Collection When you use the Services , some information is also automatically collected . Ubisoft as well as any third party advertisers and/or service provides , may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Services are accessed and used ( " Usage Information " ) . For example , when you come to use or visit the Services , we collect your IP address or other unique identifier ( " Device Identifier " ) for the computer , mobile device , technology or other device ( collectively , " Device " ) you use to access the Services , your operating system , the browser type , the address of the referring web site and your activity on the Site or your console ID . An Device Identifier is often associated with the portal through which you enter the Internet , like your ISP ( Internet service provider ) , your company , or your university . We also can use the Device Identifier to determine the general physical location of your Device and understand from what regions on the world the visitors to the Services come . Standing alone , your Device Identifier is not personally identifiable . At times , we also use Device Identifiers to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our websites . If we combine this information with personally identifiable information , we treat this information as personal information . Cookies We may also automatically collect certain information and monitor user activity through the use of " cookies " or web beacons ( also known as web bugs , pixel tags , tracking pixels , or clear gif 's or by monitoring a user 's Device Identifier ) on the Services . If we link cookies to any personally identifying information , we will treat this information as personal information . The web beacons we use do not collect any personal information . If you wish to block , erase , or be warned of cookies on the Site , please refer to your browser manufacturer to learn about these functions . However , if you choose to remove or reject cookies , this could affect certain features on the Services . Information provided by cookies , web beacons , Device Identifier 's or other devices may be used , among other things to analyze data , to determine the popularity of certain content , to deliver advertising targeted to your interests , to make recommendations to you and to better understand the usage and visitation of the Services and the effectiveness of Ads . Finally , once you 've clicked on an advertisement and have left our websites , our Privacy Policy no longer applies and you must read the privacy policy of the advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on their website . Third parties may also use cookies , web beacons , or other devices to collect information when you use the Services . Ubisoft does not control any cookies or other data collection tools that may be placed on the Services by a third party , and this Policy does not cover the use of such cookies and/or other data collection tools by any third party . We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the website and applications you use to find out more about the information that may be collected by third parties and the choices you have regarding the collection , use and sharing of such information . Advertisements We may partner with third party online advertising companies to deliver advertisements on our Services . Because your internet browser or mobile device must request these advertising banners from ad networks ' servers , these companies can send their own cookies to your cookie file , just as if you had requested a web page from the Service . Please note that if an advertiser on a third party ad network asks us to show an advertisement to a certain audience ( for example , males ages 18-34 ) or audience segment ( for example , men ages 18-34 who have viewed video game related items ) and you respond to that ad , the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach . However , we would only authorize third party ad servers to employ anonymous cookies for ad delivery and anonymous targeting . We would not knowingly permit a third party ad server to collect Personal Information about you . If you want to prevent a third party ad server and/or third party service provider from sending and reading cookies on your computer or mobile device , you must visit each third party ad server network 's website individually and opt out ( if they offer this capability ) . Information Received From Third Parties We also may obtain certain non-personal information about you from third parties . This information may include demographic , geographic , psychographic and other usage information that does not personally identify an individual user and may be associated with anonymous device ID and/or a console identification number . You may also choose to participate in a third party applications or features ( such as one of our social network applications or a similar application or feature on a third party website ) through which you allow us to collect and share ( or the third party to collect and share ) information about you , including personal information . If you access the Services through a third-party connection or log-in , we may also collect your user ID and/or username associated with that third-party service , and any information you have made public in connection with that service or with the third party shares with partner services . In addition , we may receive information about you if other users of a third party web site give us access to their providers and you are one of their " connections " or information about you is otherwise accessible through your " connections " webpage , profile page , or similar page on a social networking or other third party website or interactive service . The collection and use of this information is pursuant to such third party 's information collection practices , which are typically outlined in a privacy policy like this one , provided on the third party 's website or in an application . This Policy does not apply to information received from third parties , and Ubisoft is not responsible for the privacy and security practices and policies of such third parties . We also may supplement the information we collect about you through the Services with our information from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you , to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you . We may combine the information we receive from these third parties with information we collect through the Services . In those cases , we will apply this Policy to any personal information received , unless we have disclosed otherwise . A3 . We do n't sell or rent your personal information to third parties without your consent . We do n't require personal information to access our website . However , if you prefer not to disclose personal information , you will not be able to enjoy certain features of our website . We use personal information we collect through the Site for the purposes described in this Policy or elsewhere on the Site . For example , we may use personal and other information we collect : To provide the services , products or information you request and to process and complete any transactions in connection therewith ; To request feedback and to otherwise contact you about your account or your use of the Services . For instance , if you create a Ubi.com and your account is later cancelled ( e.g. , due to lack of activity ) , we may subsequently contact you to let you know that we 've reactivated your account for a short period of time . We may also use your personal information for other purposes such as " Operational Uses. "  For example , we may use your information to send you administrative communications either about your account with us or about features of our websites , including any future changes to this Privacy Policy ; To communicate with you and respond to your emails , submissions , questions , inquiries , comments , requests , and complaints and to provide customer service . For instance , we may use your email address to send you service announcements that tell you about updates to our Policy , changing in pricing , changes to our online service or customer support policies , and other related service changes. ; To personalize and improve the Site and users ' experiences , to increase the functionality and user friendliness of the Site , to deliver advertisements , content , or features that match user profiles or interests , and to provide recommendations as to other advertisements , content or features that may be of interest to users ; To monitor and analyze the Site usage and trends and otherwise measure the effectiveness of the Site ; To provide you with news and information about our third party events , activities , offers , promotions , products , and services we think will be of interest to you ; To send you confirmations , updates , security alerts , and support and administrative messages , to detect and prevent fraud , and to otherwise facilitate your use of , and our administration and operation of , the Services ; To notify you about important changes to our Services ; To conduct surveys and to notify and contact contest and sweepstakes entrants ; and For any other purpose for which the information was collected . We will not share the personal information we collect from you through the Services with third parties , except as described in this Policy or on the Site . For example , we may share personal information as follows : With vendors , consultants , and other service providers ( " Service Providers " ) who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the Site and who need access to such information to carry out their work for us From time to time , we may share your personal information with technical partners which help Ubisoft with the operation of the Services , including , without limitation , payment processing , and products delivery . To the extent that our technical partners have access to your information , they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Policy ; Upon your request or with your consent , we will share your information with other users of the Site ; When you give us your consent to do so , including if we notify you that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information ; With Advertising Partners to send you coupons , promotions , rewards , awards and advertisements you request ; To enforce or apply this Policy , our Terms of Use , or our other policies or agreements ; To enter you into a sweepstakes , contest , or promotion ; and To respond to your questions . Aggregate Information We may take your personally identifiable information and make it non-personally identifiable , either by combining it with information about other individuals ( aggregating your information with information about other individuals ) , or by removing characteristics ( such as your name ) that make the information personally identifiable to you ( de-personalizing your information ) . This can include a Device Identifier , usage information and/or information that is not connected to personal information . Given the nature of this information , no restrictions apply under this Privacy Policy on our right to aggregate or de-personalize your personal information , and we may use and share in any way with third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information . Business Information For practical reasons , we treat personal information submitted to us in a business capacity different from information we receive in a non-business capacity . Personal information submitted to us in a business capacity ( e.g. resumes ) may be shared with third parties , depending on the nature of the inquiry . Purchase or Sale of Businesses From time to time , we may purchase a business or sell one or more of our businesses and your personally identifiable information may be transferred as a part of the purchase or sale . If we purchase a business , the personally identifiable information received with that business would be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy , if it is practicable and permissible to do so . If we sell a business , we will include provisions in the selling contract requiring the purchaser to treat your personally identifiable information in the same manner required by this Privacy Policy ( including any amendments to this Privacy Policy ) . The provisions of this paragraph will also apply if we are sold as part of bankruptcy proceedings . Disclosures Required By Law and Disclosures to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Websites and Others We will disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that such disclosures ( a ) are required by law , including , for example , to comply with a court order or subpoena , or ( b ) will help to : enforce our Terms of Use ; enforce contest , sweepstakes , promotions , and/or game rules ; protect your safety or security , including the safety and security of property that belongs to you ; and/or , protect the safety and security of our websites or third parties . You understand that when you use the Services , any information you post in any interactive areas of the Services , including in any comments , listings , profiles , public or private groups or forums , as well as any information you share with individuals through public or private groups or forums , as well as any information you share with individuals through the Services or through social network sites or other social feeds , will be available to other users and in some cases may be publicly available . We recommend you be cautious about giving out personal information to others or sharing personal information in public or private online forums . We are not responsible for the actions of third party service providers or other third parties , nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to any third parties , and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices before disclosing information directly to any such parties . Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregated or anonymized information , which may be shared with third parties without your consent . A4 . As mentioned above , you have control over the personal information you submit to us . If at any time you decide to remove your personal information from our database , you may do so by visiting your profile section or contacting us at support.ubi.com or at support @ ubisoft.com . If you contact us by email , please include the name of the website you used to register and the email address you used to register with us so we can verify your request . Your California Privacy Rights : The following applies solely to California residents who have an established business relationship with Ubisoft . If we collect personal information from you , we may make the personal information available to third parties for their marketing and promotional purposes . If you decide that you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies for their marketing and promotional purposes , please send an e-mail to support @ ubisoft.com . In this email , state that you would like Ubisoft to not share your personal information with third parties for their marketing purposes . You opt out request will be processed within thirty ( 30 ) days of the date of which we receive it . A5 . Ubisoft is very sensitive to privacy issues . We are especially careful in any communications with children under the age of 13 ( " Child " or " Children " ) . Ubisoft restricts access to certain Services on age grounds and , in certain jurisdictions , for certain Services and functions , asks for parent approval when a Child wishes to register for the Services . When we intend to collect personal information from a Child , we take additional steps to protect children 's privacy , including : Notifying parents about our information practices with regard to Children , including the types of personal information we may collect from Children , the uses to which we may put that information , and whether and with whom we may share that information In accordance with applicable law , obtaining consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their Children , or for sending information about our products and services directly to their Children Limiting our collection of personal information from Children to no more than is reasonably necessary to participate in an online activity Giving parents access or the ability to request access to personal information we have collected from their Children and the ability to request that the personal information be changed or deleted More specifically , when a Child under the age of 13 registers , ( s ) he must supply the e-mail address of a parent or legal guardian who will be contacted by Ubisoft to ask him/her to confirm , refuse to modify his/her Minor 's registration . Ubisoft reserves the right to limit the period during which a child under the age of 13 may play pending confirmation and activation by his/her parent or guardian . Ubisoft reserves the right to ask for written proof of parental consent for any user or potential user of the services suspected to be a Child . Parental consent applies exclusively to the specific service for which it has been granted . Certain Services are specifically designed for Children and enable Children under the age of 13 to create their own free accounts for which Ubisoft collects their username , password , date of birth ( or age ) , country , and parent or guardian 's e-mail address . Such services sometimes offer the possibility of paying for a subscription or certain game functions which enable Children to participate in more activies on the Services by making a payment . The subscription services may also allow parents or guardians to manage their Child 's account and create their own player accounts . Certain services enable Children to create personalized avatars which they can use in numerous activies in the services , including mini-games and virtual worlds . Children may also use other functions of the Services such as " Recommend to a friend " to invite a friend to find out about the servies . The " Recommend to a friend " functions enable Children to send their friends a single message inviting them to visit the related service . Ubisoft will collect the first name and e-mail address of your Child ( or , failing that , the e-mail address of the parent or guardian ) and the e-mail address of his/her friend for the sole purpose of sending a single message . This information is neither stored nor used for any other purpose and we do not reveal your child 's e-mail address to the recipient . Parents may delete their Child 's Account or change their Child 's privacy settings at any time by creating a parental Account or by sending an e-mail to the administrator of the Privacy Policy , who is identified below . In all cases , use of the Services by Children must take place under the responsibility of their parents or legal guardians and any use of the Services is assumed to have been validated by them . AS FAR AS IS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LEGISLATION , UBISOFT DECLINES ANY RESPONSIBILITY REGARDING ANY ACTIVITIES WHICH MAY BE CONDUCTED BY CHILDREN WITHOUT THE PERMISSION OF THEIR PARENTS OR LEGAL GUARDIANS . IF YOU ARE A PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN AND YOU GIVE YOUR PERMISSION FOR YOUR CHILD TO REGISTER FOR ONE OR OTHER OF THE SERVICES , YOU THEREBY AGREE TO THE TERMS RELATING TO USE OF THE SERVICES BY YOUR CHILD . A6 . The services may contain links to other websites . For instance , purchases of Virtual Currency or Virtual Items for Ubisoft Services may be transacted on a third party processors site . Any personal information you provide on linked pages or applications is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party 's privacy policy . This Privacy Policy does not apply to such linked sites , and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of these websites or any other sites that are linked to or from the Services . We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information . A7 . The security and confidentiality of your personal information is extremely important to us . We have implemented technical , administrative , and physical security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and improper use . From time to time , we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods . However , please understand that , despite our best efforts , no security measure is perfect or impenetrable . To protect the confidentiality of personal information maintained in your account , you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person . You are responsible for all uses of the Services by any person using your password . Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused . DESPITE OUR EFFORTS TO KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE , NO COMPANY CAN GUARANTY THE SECURITY AND PRIVACY OF ITS SERVICES , INFORMATION AND OTHER DATA . ACCORDINGLY , UBISOFT DISCLAIMS AND DOES NOT REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT IT WILL BE ABLE TO MAINTAIN YOUR PRIVACY OR THE SECURITY OF ITS DATA IN REGARD TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION . OUR PRIVACY POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE " AS IS " AND UBISOFT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY . A8 . You can access and update the contact information you gave us during registration ( that is , your e-mail address or any other information that would directly enable us to contact you ) , by logging in and clicking the Edit Profile section , or contacting us at privacy @ ubisoft.com . In your email , please include the name of the website you used to register so we can verify your request . If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails , texts , or other communications from Ubisoft , please follow one of the two options below : 1 . You must opt-out to receive promotional e-mails , texts , or other communications . When providing your personal information , simply uncheck the box that asks whether you would like to receive such communications , and we will not send you any promotional information via these communications methods . 2 . When you receive an e-mail , text , or other communications from us , it will contain a link or other instruction that allows you to stop the delivery of such messages from us . If you decide to use this opt-out method , you will no longer receive special offers , valuable coupons , new product introductions or e-newsletters from Ubisoft ; however , you will continue to receive non-promotional communications from us , such as order confirmations . A9 . If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy , please send an e-mail with your questions or comments to privacy @ ubisoft.com or write us : Ubisoft , Inc.Attn : Privacy Rights Administrator 625 Third Street San Francisco , 94107 CA , USA Please be assured that any personal information that you provide in communications to the above email and postal mail addresses will not be used to send you promotional materials , unless you request it . Ubisoft is a licensee of the ESRB 's Privacy Online Program . If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please contact ESRB at http : //www.esrb.org/privacy/contact.jsp . ESRB Attn. : Privacy Online Program 317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor New York , NY 10017 privacy @ esrb.org Last updated July 10 , 2013 
Last updated on October 1 , 2013 TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification TRUSTe Children privacy certification Rockstar Games , Inc.,a United States company , its parent and its subsidiaries ( collectively the " Company " ) , respects the privacy rights of our users and is committed to protecting the information collected through its products , services , and websites accessed through any internet-capable hardware platform including gaming consoles , personal computers , mobile computers , or smart phones , or in-game applications or any software platform including third-party hosts ( collectively the " Online Services " ) . We have adopted this privacy policy to explain how we collect , store , disclose , transfer , protect , and otherwise use the information collected in connection with our Online Services ( the " Privacy Policy " ) . PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY . BY REGISTERING FOR OR USING OUR ONLINE SERVICES , YOU AGREE THAT ( i ) WE MAY TRANSFER , PROCESS , AND STORE YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND OTHER COUNTRIES THAT MAY HAVE DIFFERENT PRIVACY PROTECTIONS THAN YOUR COUNTRY ; ( ii ) WE MAY PROCESS YOUR DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY ; ( iii ) YOU ARE BOUND BY OUR PRIVACY POLICY ; AND ( iv ) YOU WILL ABIDE BY OUR TERMS & CONDITIONS , CODE OF CONDUCT , AND ANY OTHER POLICIES THAT MAY APPLY . THIS PRIVACY POLICY SUPPLEMENTS THE PRIVACY DISCLOSURES PROVIDED TO YOU WITH YOUR SOFTWARE PRODUCT AND/OR BY YOUR CONSOLE MANUFACTURER . In connection with specific websites , the Company has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability , and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please contact us at privacypolicy @ take2games.com . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe at www.truste.com/watchdog/request . THE TRUSTe PROGRAM COVERS SPECIFIC WEBSITES ; IT DOES NOT COVER INFORMATION THAT MAY BE COLLECTED THROUGH SOFTWARE . This Privacy Policy will explain :  Who this Privacy Policy applies to What this Privacy Policy applies to What personal and other information may be collected What gameplay information we may collect Special Notes Regarding Certain Information , Including Public Information , Resumes , Investor Relations , Email Correspondence , and Member Names/Gaming Console IDs The consequences , if any , resulting from your refusal to provide personal information How we use cookies , track IP Addresses , or use other passive means to collect information Who , if anyone , is collecting your personal information and how it will be used With whom , if anyone , your personal information will be shared What choices you have with regard to the use of your personal information Links to other parties Whether personal information is collected from Children under 13 How we protect your information Your California Privacy Rights . Where information is stored What other Company terms apply What other third-party terms apply How to ask questions or file a complaint This Privacy Policy applies to all Online Services users and , except as noted , all Online Services are being offered in the United States by the Company . For Online Services offered by Rockstar Games used by residents of the European Union , the company Take-Two Interactive Software Europe Limited , ICO Registration No . Z1336431 , is the data controller responsible for your personal information . Back to top of policy This Privacy Policy applies to the Company 's Online Services , including the TRUSTe certified Company websites , mobile applications , and other services that link to it or display it . In addition , the Company may also own several other domain names that relate to its labels , feature its products , or point to its websites , and we may from time to time add new sites and services . To view a complete list of these TRUSTe certified Company sites , please click on the TRUSTe seal on this page . The Company complies with the U.S. - E.U . Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland . The Company has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view our certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ . Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected online through the Online Services , and does not apply to information that may be collected by the Company offline . In addition , this Privacy Policy does not apply to websites or services maintained by other companies or organizations ( such as those who promote the Company 's products and services or sell related items ) and the Company can not and does not guarantee the security of any personal information disclosed to those third parties . In addition , please note that we may hire vendors ( agents or contractors ) to collect personal information on our behalf and in such cases such vendors will be instructed to comply with this Privacy Policy . These vendors may not use your personal information for their own marketing purposes . We use the third-party service provider Arvato Digital Services as our online official re-seller and for certain in-game sales functions . Other third-party service providers may be connected to other in-game sales functions ; please review the Terms & Conditions of each product for more details . As indicated at the point of purchase , such transactions are between you and the third-party service provider and they are subject to the third-party service provider 's privacy policy and terms of service . We also use third parties for various services related to the Online Services , including customer support , technical support , contest data collection , and email fulfillment . When you enter a contest or sign up to receive a newsletter , we may share your personal information as necessary for third parties to provide services on our behalf . These third parties are not permitted to use such information for their own marketing purposes . We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy . Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes . If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on our home page . If necessary we will give you additional choices regarding such change in these notices . Your continued use of the Online Services will signify your acceptance of these changes . You may choose to voluntarily provide us with various personal information and non-personal information through your use of the Online Services . We also may use " cookies " and other passive technologies including clear gifs to collect certain non-personal information from you in connection with your use of the Online Services , such as the pages you visit and the features you use . Our cookies are linked to personal information . Back to top of policy Personal information is information that identifies you and that may be used to contact you online or offline . The Company collects personal information from you on a voluntary basis . When you submit personal information to the Company , it will usually take the form of :  Registration for Online Services , websites , jobs , products , contests , and special events ; Subscribing to newsletters or alerts ; Posting in or commenting on our message boards , forums , news blogs , chat rooms , or other Online Services ; Purchasing a product or services through our online stores ; Purchasing DLC , virtual items , or virtual currency for use with our software and/or Online Services ; Using " tell a friend , " " email this page , " or other E-Card features ; Requesting technical support ; Downloading demos , programs , or other software ; Participating in polls , surveys , and questionnaires ; or Otherwise through use of our software , including console products , mobile products , and personal computer products , and through the use of our online products or Online Services where personal information is required for use and/or participation . The types of information collected in connection with the activities listed above will vary depending on the activity . The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name , e-mail address , phone number , photo , mailing address , or payment information . In addition , we may collect demographic and non-personal information about you or your systems , such as your age , gender , date of birth , zip code , hardware configuration , console ID , software products played , survey data , purchases , IP address and the systems you have played on . If such information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information , we may combine the information with your personal information . Prize winners may be required to provide additional information for prize fulfillment . If you use , purchase , or register for an Online Service through a third-party service such as a gaming console 's network service , an internet based gaming service , or a social network website , or request that we associate a Company account with a third-party service account , then limited user account personal information may be transferred to the Company as part of the registration process and we may be able to collect information about your use of the Online Services . For example , if you purchase virtual currency through a gaming console service , that gaming console service will provide us with information to effectuate the transaction , including the amount of virtual currency purchased and a means to identify your Online Service account . When you use an application on a Social Networking Site ( " SNS " ) , you allow us to access certain information from your profile from that SNS . The information you allow us to access is affected by the privacy settings you establish at the SNS . For example , our Facebook applications may access and store some or all of the following information , as allowed by you , the SNS and your preferences : your " basic information " you have shared with everyone on the SNS ; your profile picture or its URL ; your friends list , your user ID number , which is linked to publicly available information such as name and profile photo ; or other information indicated as part of the " Request for Permission " prompt from the SNS . Your agreement to share this information takes place when you " accept " ( or similar terms ) one of our applications on an SNS . Once your information is received from an SNS , that information is stored and used by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy . The Company is not responsible for the terms , policies , disclosures or actions of any SNS . When you use Facebook Connect , OpenID or another multisite ID to log in to an Online Service , those ID services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us to pre-populate our sign up form . Depending on your account settings , multisite IDs may also provide other information to us . Please check the terms of those services before using them to log into an Online Service . When you play certain software products published by the Company , information about your gameplay may be collected and transmitted to the Company through network services or any other internet connection method used by the hardware on which you play such games ( collectively and individually your " Internet Connection " ) . See " What Gameplay Information Does the Company Collect ? " below for further details . Back to top of policy When you use products or services on internet-capable hardware , the Company may receive information regarding your gameplay without any additional notice to you or actions taken by you . The Company will not receive personal information such as your name and address , but may receive other information such as a console ID , gaming service ID , game achievements , game scores and performance , IP address , MAC address , or other device ID , other console/device use information , or other information and statistics regarding your usage of the games . Information about gameplay may be collected while you are offline and transmitted to the Company when you next connect to the Internet whether or not you are currently logged into your Internet Connection from your console , handheld , mobile device , computer , or other gaming platform . The Company may use such information as set forth in this Privacy Policy whether or not you register for or use the Online Services . Back to top of policy Member Names & IDs/Gaming Consoles/Social Network Services/Other Third-Party Services : Certain Online Services offered by the Company , including multiplayer gaming and specialized websites , use third-party services to ( i ) provide authentication for Online Services ; or ( ii ) associate a Company service account with a third-party account such as a Gaming Console ID , Gaming Network Service account , or Social Network Service account . When you use a third-party authentication service or link your Company account with a third-party account , you will be asked to provide account information associated with that third-party account . Certain membership information may be transferred automatically to the Company when you register to join an Online Service from a third-party gaming network system or link your Online Service membership with a third-party service , such as your friend 's list on that gaming network or social network service . Public Information Including Message Boards , User Generated Content , Forums , News Blogs , Comments , User Profiles and Chat Rooms : Whenever you give out personal information in public areas such as on a message board , chat room , comment field , or profile page , that information can be collected and used by other people . Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information , and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there . You should be aware that any personal information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages or identify you . If you post a video , image , photo , or other content through an Online Service for public view , you should be aware that these may be viewed , collected , copied , and/or used by other users without your consent . If your screen name or an ID contains your real name , then that name will be made publicly available on leaderboards and elsewhere . Therefore , you are strongly encouraged not to disclose personal information while using our services or use personal information to identify yourself while using our services . We are not responsible for any public information or content you post using our Online Services . E-mail Correspondence : We may provide e-mail addresses or forms to which visitors can send us questions or comments , or which visitors can use to request customer support . In the process of receiving and responding to such requests , we may collect personal information about you , such as your e-mail address or any other personal data contained in the body of your e-mail message . By allowing you to send us these requests , we are not attempting to solicit personal information from you . We only use the information for the purpose of responding to your questions and/or comments or to provide customer support . In most cases , your message is deleted immediately after we 've resolved your inquiry ; however , in some instances , copies of your requests may be kept on file for our records , for quality control purposes , or to provide ongoing support services you have requested . If we have actual knowledge that the person with whom we 're communicating is a child under the age of thirteen , we delete the child 's e-mail address and message immediately after responding . In addition to responding to your email correspondence and sending you information you have requested via our email lists , we send activation emails and other transactional emails to your e-mail address as necessary . You may not opt out of these communications , which are not promotional in nature . If you do not wish to receive them , you have the option to deactivate your account . Resumes : The Company allows for the online submission of resumes . Personal information collected from resumes will be used solely for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings , and is therefore not governed by this Privacy Policy . Information obtained from resumes may be shared within the Company by parents , subsidiaries , or affiliates . Investor Relations : The Company provides investor relations materials on its websites . Personal information collected on the investor relations ' portion of the Take-Two Interactive Software , Inc. website is used solely in a business capacity and is not governed by this Privacy Policy . Back to top of policy Your refusal to submit personal information may limit your ability to participate in some activities , such as sweepstakes or the use of certain Online Services . However , as described above , regardless of registration we may nonetheless publish gameplay boards and multiplayer match records that contain certain information as a result of your use of the products , such as your player ID . Back to top of policy The Company uses cookies , web beacons , and similar tracking devices for certain Online Services to collect information that is not personal . If you choose to provide us with personal information , it may be linked to the non-personal information stored by these technologies . Cookies : A " cookie " is a small bit of record-keeping information that websites often store on a user 's computer . Our cookies do not include people 's names , e-mail addresses , or other personal information ; they are typically used to quickly identify a user 's computer , browser , or device and to " remember " things about prior visits ( such as the user 's use of various features on the service ) . You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer ; however , disabling cookies may affect your ability to use certain Online Services . Flash Cookies : We may also use flash cookies , also known as " shared objects , " on our sites that employ Flash technology . Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember the site 's settings to personalize the look and feel of the site . Flash cookies only collect data in the aggregate . Like normal cookies , Flash cookies are represented as small software files , do not include people 's names , e-mail addresses , or other personal information , and are not tied to your personal information . You can clear flash cookies already on your device by setting the Flash local storage setting to zero . You may also prevent Flash cookies from being placed by adjusting your preferences in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at www.macromedia.com . Web Beacons : A " web beacon " is an electronic image that allows websites to count users who have visited certain pages or viewed certain advertisements . Web beacons , like cookies , do not include personal information . Internet Log Files : The Company may also keep track of IP addresses used to access its Online Services for various reasons . An IP address is a number that is used by a networked device and will identify your point of connection to the internet . Depending on your network configuration , it may also identify your computer , or other device . A MAC address or other device ID identifies one specific piece of hardware . These log files are tied to your personal information in certain circumstances , such as if you have linked your console user account to Online Service accounts offered by the Company . Analytic Metrics Tools and Other Technologies : Other information that may be passively collected by the Company includes log files that record information about your hardware , product use , service use , or website use , including website navigation and game telemetry activity . We also use these log file entries for our internal marketing , service design , technical support , and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the Online Services we provide you . Advertising Service Providers : Some of our Online Services are supported by advertising provided by the Company or various third-party advertising agents , such as ad networks , data exchanges , traffic management service providers and marketing analytics service providers ( Advertising Service Providers ) . Such Online Services may place and use cookies , web beacons , and similar technologies to collect information about your device and your use of Online Services . The information such Advertising Service Providers may collect , or we may share with them , includes your device 's type , IP address , MAC address or other device ID , browser type , language , operating system and generalized geographic location ; the types of pages , content and ads you , or others who are using your device , visited or viewed and the frequency of your visit/viewing ; and information regarding your use of or activities in connection with a website or Online Service ( e.g. , time spent using a mobile application or your purchases ) . This information may be collected or shared when you use an Online Service , click on a webpage or an advertisement , or launch one of our game or other mobile applications that you have installed , and may be used : ( 1 ) to ensure that an Advertising Service Provider is accurately and properly paid for an advertisement it placed on our behalf ( e.g. , an ad that led you to purchase or download one of our games or other mobile applications ) ; ( 2 ) to help prevent you from seeing the same ads over and over again ; ( 3 ) to help select and display targeted ads or other content on your computer or other device ( such as on a website you are viewing or a mobile application you are using ) that may be of particular interest to you ; ( 4 ) to measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic in our Online Services and determine the popularity of certain content ; and ( 5 ) to monitor and analyze the usage of our Online Services , so that we can continually enhance and improve them . Third-party Advertisers : The Company works with various third-party advertising agents that use cookies , web beacons , and similar technologies to collect information . Please click on the links below to learn more about these vendors , their privacy policies , and the ability to opt out of their tracking programs . Please note that the inclusion of a vendor in the list below does not mean that the Company is currently using their services or that it is currently conducting any campaigns that use such technologies . We do not have access to or control of the third-party tracking technologies , and we encourage you to review their privacy policies before disclosing information to such parties . AD-X ATLAS Facebook Google Mediaplex Nielsen/Netratings Omniture Yahoo Additional information about individual opt-out programs is available on the World Privacy Forum website at http : //www.worldprivacyforum.org/cookieoptout.html . In addition to visiting the websites of each of the vendors listed above , you may opt out of certain targeted advertising by multiple third-party advertising networks at one time if they belong to the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance . Visit the Network Advertising Initiative 's website at http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp to select the applicable networks . Back to top of policy When you submit information to the Company via our Online Services , or information is collected as described in this Privacy Policy , that information is received by the Company . The Company uses this information to send you promotional materials , to provide you with access to our services , to fulfill product orders , to fulfill " tell a friend " requests , and to respond to questions or technical problems . We also use your personal and other information for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the products and services we provide you and to better meet your needs . Your participation in tournaments or other online game events is conditional upon our collection , use , storage , transmission and public display of statistical data ( such as your scores , rankings , and achievements ) generated through your participation . Users of certain Online Services , such as the Rockstar Games Social Club , may be automatically entered into contests as a result of their membership and/or use of certain services . Check www.rockstargames.com/socialclub/events frequently for details regarding contests . Online gaming and Social Networking Services are by their very nature open communities where gameplay information including user name , game activity , and leaderboard rankings are publicly posted for other people to see . Therefore , the Company will automatically post certain information , such as your Screen Name or ID and gameplay statistics , within the game , on Social Networking Services , on Online Services , or on specialized game websites . However , we will not post information that we know directly and clearly identifies you ( such as your real name or email address ) unless you provide that information voluntarily for such use . As with other gameplay information services , your gameplay , leaderboards , and multiplayer match information may appear nested in our games or third-party webpages via frames or widgets . We may match and/or combine information collected in connection with various Online Services and display it publicly , including on our websites , in our games , or in multiplayer game lobbies . For example , if you associate your Company website account with a game console account , your in-game achievements may be displayed combining your website account name with your in-game achievements . Some of our Online Services allow you to link your account to SNS services like Facebook and Twitter . Certain membership information may be transferred automatically to the Company when you link your Online Service membership with SNS account , such as your friends list . Some SNS services also give you the option to post information about the Online Services to their websites to share with others . If you choose to use these features , your actions are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature . Please review each company 's governing policies before using their services . Some of our Online Services offer SNS features and Widgets , such as the Facebook " Like " button , Google + button , or the Share This button . These third-party SNS features may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly and may collect information about you when you use them , such as your IP address and which page you are visiting on our site . SNS features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly by our Online Services . Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the Feature . Please review each company 's governing policies before using their services . From time to time , the Company may employ vendors to perform services on the Company 's behalf . These vendors provide internal support to the Company by operating some of the services we provide you such as contest entry collection and email services . Although these vendors , not the Company , may collect , use , or maintain the information in connection with the Online Services , the Company still requires that they adhere to the Company 's stated privacy policies and that they not share your personal information with third parties or use the information for their own marketing purposes . Back to top of policy The Company may also share your personal information with third parties as described in this Privacy Policy . The Company may share your personal information to fulfill a request you have made , such as signing up for an email list or requesting customer support . In the event we offer services or promotions where your personal information is separately collected and used according to the privacy policy of a third party , we will inform you of that at the time of collection and you may elect not to participate in the service or promotion . In addition , we may share aggregate information ( not personal information ) regarding Online Service usage statistics and user demographics with third parties , but this information will not include personal information . We may share your personal information with third parties in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringements , or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability , including as required by law enforcement or other government officials . We also may share your personal information with third parties when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights , property , operations , users , or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage , or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , investigate , or enforce our terms and conditions , combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on the Company . In addition , your personal information may be disclosed to a potential or actual successor or assign in connection with a proposed or consummated merger , acquisition , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event involving all or a portion of the Company , the Company 's customer information may be transferred to our successor or assign . Back to top of policy If you are a member of an Online Service , you may use that service 's account and privacy settings to personalize the collection , use and/or display of your data via that service . If you do not want to receive certain communications such as newsletters or promotional offers , you may decline consent at the time your personal information is collected or later opt-out by using the methods listed below . In addition to the methods below , along with every communication sent to you , the Company gives you the opportunity to discontinue receiving future communications . If for any reason you wish to unsubscribe to Rockstar Games mailing lists please log in to manage your account or use the unsubscribe links at the bottom of any Rockstar Games email message . To delete your Rockstar Games account , sign into your Social Club account , go to https : //socialclub.rockstargames.com/profile/requestdeleteaccount.html , and follow the instructions on the page . If you are unable to log in to Social Club or you do not have access to your account , please email deleteaccount @ RockstarGames.com from the same email account you used to join Social Club , include your Social Club nickname in the message and include Delete Account in the subject field . If you do not want your gameplay information to publicly appear via the Rockstar Games Social Club , then you should visit www.rockstargames.com/socialclub/privacy/opt and follow the instructions to opt out of our gameplay information services by masking your user ID . Please note that , even if you opt out of participation in the Social Club , your gameplay information may still appear on certain gameplay boards including those hosted by third parties such as console manufacturers ( including copies of those boards hosted on the Social Club ) and the Company will continue to collect and store information regarding your usage of its games for internal purposes . In addition to the above methods , if you wish to view , delete , or correct the personal information collected about you , you may also send an e-mail to privacypolicy @ take2games.com , or write to us at Take-Two Interactive , Attn : Internet Privacy Policy Administrator , 622 Broadway , New York , New York 10012 . Please indicate your country of residence in your correspondence . Data Retention : We will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services . If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your personal information to provide you services contact us as described above under " How You Can Control the Collection , Use , and/or Display of Data or Review Your Data. "  If your account is inactive for a period time it may be deleted . If information is changed or deleted , we may still retain some of your information in our files to resolve disputes , enforce our user agreement , administer our services , comply with technical and legal requirements , and/or other constraints related to the security , integrity , and operation of our Online Services . In all cases for all Online Services , we will respond to your request for access to update , delete , or correct inaccuracies to your personal information within 30 days . Back to top of policy You should be aware that while you are on our websites you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control . The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement , authorization , or representation of our affiliation with that third party . Because we can not guarantee that the privacy policies of these websites meet our high standards , we recommend reading the privacy policy of the website you link to before you submit any of your personal information Back to top of policy The Company does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years old . If we become aware that a child under 13 has submitted information to the Company , we delete this information immediately . We encourage parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names , addresses , or phone numbers , without permission , when using the Internet . Back to top of policy To protect your personal information , the Company follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security , integrity , and privacy of the information you have provided . The Company has security measures in place designed to protect against the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control . Personal information collected by the Company is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public ( e.g. , locked rooms ) . To prevent unauthorized electronic access to personal information , the Company maintains information collected online behind a firewall-protected server and uses SSL encryption for purchases made through our online store . However , no system can be 100 % secure and human errors occur , so there is the possibility that there could be unauthorized access to your information . By using our services , you assume this risk . Back to top of policy Since 2005 , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . If this Privacy Policy states that any personal information may be shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes , you may send inquiries regarding our disclosure policy to :  Take Two Interactive Attn : Internet Privacy Policy Administrator 622 Broadway New York , New York 10012 privacypolicy @ take2games.com Back to top of policy All information collected or received by the Company in connection with the Online Services is collected in , processed in , or transferred to the United States of America and other countries . While your information is in another jurisdiction , it may be accessed by the courts , law enforcement , and national security authorities pursuant to the laws of those jurisdictions . By using our services , you expressly consent to such collection , transfer , and processing . Backup data , matchmaking data , and administrative data may also be stored on media or servers located in the United States of America and other countries . Back to top of policy Use of our services and products may be subject to other terms , conditions and disclosures prescribed by the Company , console manufacturers and/or other partners , including : ( i ) the Limited Software Warranty and License Agreement that accompanied the purchase of the game ; ( ii ) terms of service , privacy policy , and code of conduct for our Online Services ; ( iii ) other terms and disclosures which are made available to you by the Company ; and ( iv ) the terms , conditions , and disclosures made available to you by third parties in connection with the use of their gaming consoles and/or Online Services . All such terms , conditions and disclosures are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy . Back to top of policy You may be able to sign up for or access the Online Services through third-party platforms such as gaming consoles , mobile devices , other websites and social networking services . When you submit personal information to the Company via a third-party platform , your use of that platform is also governed by its terms of service , privacy policies and/or code of conduct . Please review each company 's governing policies before using their services . Back to top of policy For all questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy , contact our Privacy Policy Administrator at 646-536-2842 ; via email at privacypolicy @ take2games.com ; or , by regular mail at Take-Two Interactive , Attn : Internet Privacy Policy Administrator , 622 Broadway , New York , New York 10012 . If you are a Rockstar Games Online Services user located in the European Union , please indicate that in your email , letter , or phone call . Back to top of policy 
n4g.com Privacy Statement n4g.com recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of n4g.com . We created the following policy guidelines with a fundamental respect for our users ' right to privacy . n4g.com uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to us secure and to disclose such information only to responsible third parties after permission from the user . n4g.com is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which we may provide links or the websites of our affiliates or advertisers . n4g.com collects information about users during their registration for our newsletter and during their participation in certain activities on our website , including contests . When users request pages from our server , our Web server automatically collects some information about the users , including their IP addresses . These addresses are used by computers on the network to send the requested pages to users . n4g.com does not reveal any personal information that users provide to us to any third party without their permission . By entering n4g.com contests , users consent to the use of their name in the announcement of the winners on the n4g.com site and/or Newsletter , and use of their name and likeness for advertising and/or promotional and/or marketing purposes . Users ' contact information may also be used by n4g.com to notify the user they have won and to confirm their mailing address . n4g.com may use user entered information in combination with site usage information to help display advertisements relevant to the users interest and navigation patterns . n4g.com may use cookies to help in tracking these patterns but does not store or collect any personal data in combination with user supplied information . Cookies are small text files that contain a string of alphanumeric characters . You can remove cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser 's " help " file . For more information about cookies please visit http : //www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/ . n4g.com uses additional third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site . These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements on this Web site , other sites and other forms of media about goods and services that may be of interest to you . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please click here . [ LINK TO NAI OPT-OUT at http : //www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp ]  
Article no. 1 : Privacy Policy - Ankama By accessing or using the ANKAMA websites ( collectively the " Website " ) , you acknowledge that you have read and accepted these rules concerning the use of personal data . If you disagree with these , you are asked not to access the Website . In some sections of the Website , for the needs of a specific activity ( contest , poll , etc. )  or to purchase products or services , the ANKAMA company ( the " Company " ) may ask you for certain personal details . The use of these services is optional and you are , therefore , not bound to provide any of these details . However , to purchase products and services or access certain sections of the Website you must provide it as precisely as possible . ANKAMA will use the information in a responsible way , undertaking to make every effort to prevent its circulation . ANKAMA reserves the right to take legal proceedings against any person who attempts to access personal details that does not concern them . The personal details you sent us may be shared with other ANKAMA subsidiaries in countries outside the European Union , particularly Brazil and Singapore . ANKAMA may also share your personal details with third party service providers situated outside the European Union , particularly Canada and the USA . These details are sent to recipients outside the European Union to build good customer relationships . ANKAMA has taken every necessary precaution to ensure that your personal details are sufficiently protected either under contractual clauses established by the European Commission , or because these transfers are carried out for an American company which complies with the Safe Harbor principles . As a user , and in application of current legislation , you are the sole person authorised to access , modify and erase your personal details . You can exercise this right through the online technical support , https : //support.ankama.com , or by post : Ankama - Personal Info , 75 bd d 'Armentires , BP 60403 , 59057 Roubaix cedex 1 , FRANCE indicating your last name , first name , e-mail address and home address . The Company may need to gather navigation information for statistical needs via the use of cookies . The acceptance of these cookies is compulsory for any subscription . As regards external pages connected to the Website by a link pointing from these to the Website and vice versa , please note that ANKAMA shall not be responsible for their contents and their non-respect of this confidentiality policy . 
Imperia Online LTD Privacy policy Imperia Online LTD take the protection of your personal information very seriously . The following privacy policy will provide you with information about the personal information that is collected and how it is processed and used . This Privacy Policy applies to all services which are offered on Imperia Online LTD internet sites , and the individual online game sites . Unless stated otherwise , this Privacy Policy exclusively regulates how Imperia Online LTD treats your personal information . In case you make use of services provided by third parties , the Privacy Policy conditions of these third parties apply exclusively . Imperia Online LTD does not revise Privacy Policy conditions of third parties . In case you have any questions concerning privacy policy matters , please contact support @ imperialsupport.org . At this address , you can inquire about privacy issues , review , change or delete your personal information stored by Imperia Online LTD . Alternatively , you can also contact us using the above mail address . Please - if possible include the online game that you play , the server and your username . Generally , you can access our Internet offering without disclosing any personal information to us . It is always your choice whether or not to provide us with your personal information . We collect your information to be able to fulfill the services contract with you . In addition to monitoring compliance with the terms and rules this includes in particular the proper handling of your payment orders . If you would like to register on our Internet sites or subscribe to our newsletter it is necessary to provide personal information . This information includes , for example , your name , phone number , address , e-mail address and other personal information which Imperia Online LTD may query in individual cases . In many cases it is possible to use Imperia Online LTD 's services by using pseudonyms . Users are encouraged to make use of this feature . In addition , individual information such as IP address , browser type and access time will automatically be transferred to us by your computer and stored on our server . Except for the purpose of prosecuting unauthorized use of our website , we evaluate such information only for statistical and performance-related purposes . Where possible , the information is anonymized . In order to make the visit to our Internet sites as pleasant as possible , we use , like many other companies , the so called cookies . After your visit to our website , these cookies are usually automatically deleted from your hard drive . Your Internet browser can be set to reject cookies generally . This can lead , for technical reasons , to restricted functioning of our Internet offerings . We gather , process and use personal information unless already permitted by statutes only with your consent . If this consent is made in an electronic manner in the context of our online offerings , we shall fulfill the legal requirements to inform you about it . We use your personal data in order to constantly improve our range of services and to satisfy the user 's needs . Imperia Online LTD uses your personal information for the establishment , processing and settlement of your user relationship with Imperia Online LTD and the processing of payments . Furthermore , we use your information in order to communicate with you . This includes that we , as the case may be , inform you about novelties of our services via e-mail . We use your personal information in order to inform you about products , services or certain events which could be of interest to you on a regular basis . You will be informed as part of this communication that you may cancel the subscription at any time . Finally , we use your information in order to protect our web pages and to trace unauthorized accesses . As a matter of course , your data will not be sold to third parties . Imperia Online LTD exclusively transmits your personal data to the following extent : We work together with payment providers ( e.g. credit card companies , banks , PayPal , mobile services , etc. ) . These service providers only have access to your data to the extent which is necessary for the completion of their tasks . These service providers are obliged to treat your data according to this privacy policy and the relevant data protection statutes . In the case that Imperia Online LTD , companies controlled by Imperia Online LTD , particular affiliated companies or parts of the company are sold , your customer information will generally be passed on with the sold part of the company . Of course , in this case your data is also subject to this privacy policy and the relevant data protection statutes . If your data is no longer necessary for the above-mentioned purposes including the settlement , for tax purposes or other legal reasons , it will be deleted . We process the information collected from you according to the European Union data protection law . All employees are obliged and have been advised to maintain data confidentiality and privacy obligations . When submitting payments the transfer of your information is protected by SSL encryption technology . 8 . E-mail Imperia Online uses the email addresses of players for registration in the game , and to inform players about promotions , events , changes in Terms and Conditions , and does not provide their email addresses to third parties unless requested by departments related with the legislation of the Republic of Bulgaria . Upon registration , you automatically subscribe to our electronic newsletter . In case you do not want to receive newsletter from Imperia Online on your email , you have the option to unsubscribe via the button Unsubscribe\ " beneath the informative text in any newsletter . Newsletters include : - letter to a player who has been absent from the game for a while including an external link to the game , providing bonus resources - letter reminding the player about a start of a new era in a realm in the game , including an external link to the game , providing extra premium membership - letter to invite a player from an older version of the game to register in a newer version , including an external link to the game , providing extra premium membership - letter for receiving a daily bonus of resources in the game Address : Imperia Online Ltd. bul . Tzar Boris III 1 , floor 4 Sofia , 1612 Bulgaria Phone/Fax : + 359 [ 2 ] 954 91 28 office @ imperiaonline.org 
CURSE , INC. & CURSE , LTD . PRIVACY POLICY Last updated October 2 , 2012 Welcome to Curse ! Curse , Inc . & Curse , Ltd . ( Curse , we , us or our ) is committed to respecting the privacy rights and concerns of all users of the Curse www.curse.com websites where this Privacy Policy is posted ( the Site ( s ) ) ( we refer to the Site ( s ) , the services and software made available through the Site ( s ) , collectively , as the Curse Features ) . As such , we have established and implemented this Privacy Policy to inform visitors to the Site ( s ) and users of the Curse Features how we use and protect the information we collect through the Site ( s ) . By visiting the Site ( s ) or using any of the Curse Features , you consent to Curse ' collection , use , storage , deletion and disclosure of information relating to you as set forth in this Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set forth above and is only applicable to the Site ( s ) and not to any other website that you may be able to access from the Site ( s ) which may have its own data collection and use practices and policies . This policy answers the following questions :  What information do we collect about you and how do we use it ? Will we share your personal information with third parties ? What choices do you have about the collection and use of your personal information ? What security measures do we take to safeguard your personal information ? Personal information means information that can be used to identify and contact you . You do not need to submit personal information to access certain areas of the Site ( s ) , but if you do not want to disclose certain personal information to us , you will not be able to access certain aspects of the Curse Features . We collect personal information when you create an account through the Curse Features ; subscribe to our newsletter ; participate in chat rooms , forums , polls , surveys , and questionnaires ; participate in contests , sweepstakes , other promotions , or opt into third party offers and/or newsletters ; purchase a product through the Curse Features ; register a product that you have purchased ; or receive customer or technical support . To create an account for the Curse Features , we require you to provide your name , email address and country in which you reside . You will also need to create a screen name . When you are purchasing premium services or products through the Curse Features you may have to submit personal information to our billing partner , PayPal , including your email address , billing address and additional billing information depending on your preferred method of payment through PayPal , such as your credit card number . When you enter a contest or sweepstakes with Curse , in addition to your screen name , name and email address , we will ask for your mailing address in case we have to mail you a prize , and may ask you to opt into receiving a third party 's offers and/or newsletter . Additionally , we may also collect other types of information ( known as demographic information ) such as your gender , hobbies , occupation , platform preferences , and other game ownership information . This demographic information may be associated with your personal information . The personal information you provide to us will allow us to fulfill your product or service order ; alert you of new products or services , features , or enhancements ; handle/route your customer service questions or issues ; and/or notify you of upgrade opportunities , contests , promotions , or special events and offers . We also use your e-mail address to send you messages about the Curse Features and other general announcements . We keep track of your interactions with us , including but not limited to your activity within the Curse Features . We may use personal information that you provide to us to send messages to you in response to your request to perform an activity in connection with your use of any of the Curse Features . We may also use your personal information to contact you when necessary . Cookies are small bits of electronic information that a website sends to a visitor 's browser and are stored on the visitor 's hard drive . Like many websites , we employ cookies in certain areas of the Site ( s ) to allow us to provide information which is targeted to your interests and to make your online experience more convenient . For example , when you return to one of our websites after logging in , cookies provide information to the website so that the website will remember who you are . Should you disable cookies in your browser , you will have to provide your screen name and password each time you log in . Additionally , advertisements that are managed by third parties which may appear on the Site ( s ) use cookies . Advertisers use cookies to collect non-personal information when you click on or move your cursor over one of their banner advertisements . You may not realize this information is being collected . Advertisers use this information to monitor the performance of their advertisements . In some cases , we may have access to information from cookies used by these advertisers on the Site ( s ) and this information may permit us to identify other sites that you have visited that are also associated such advertisers . Our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit the Site ( s ) . Additionally , some of the Curse Features may collect information regarding your computer system . This information includes your Internet Protocol address , your browser type and version , the search engine you used to find the Curse Features , if any , the operating system your computer uses , the type of computer hardware you have ( such as the amount of RAM , the type of GPU or type of CPU in your computer ) which Curse Features you use and when and how long you use them . We use this information to monitor and analyze how users use the Curse Features , to provide customer service and to maintain and improve the Curse Features . We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 . We take children 's privacy seriously , and encourage parents to play an active role in their children 's online experience at all times . We may use your personal information to provide analyses of our users in the aggregate to prospective partners , advertisers and other third parties . We may also disclose and otherwise use , on an anonymous basis , affiliation , position , interests and other non-personal information about customers . In addition , we will share the personal information we collect from you under the following circumstances :  Protection of rights . We will share personal information if we have a good faith belief that ( i ) access , use , preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process , such as a court order or subpoena , or a request by law enforcement or governmental authorities , ( ii ) such action is appropriate to enforce the Terms of Service for the Curse Features , including any investigation of potential violations thereof , ( iii ) such action is necessary to detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues associated with the Curse Features , or ( iv ) such action is appropriate to protect the rights , property or safety of Curse , its employees , users of the Curse Features or others . Asset transfers . If we become involved in a merger , acquisition or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of Curse 's assets , user information , including personal information collected from you through your use of the Curse Features , could be included in the transferred assets . Should such an event occur , we will use reasonable means to notify you , either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Site ( s ) . Service Providers . We may share your personal information with service providers that we engage for the purpose of processing information on our and your behalf . For example , have partnered with other companies to host and manage contests , fulfill product orders and prizes , and process payments . Additionally , we may partner with other companies to process consumer surveys , or to process , analyze , and/or store data . While providing services for us , these companies may access your personal information . To the extent applicable , we require these entities to comply with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures . Third Party Offers . We may also share your personal information with third party partners when you have opted into receiving third party offers and/or newsletters on our Site ( s ) . We will not disclose your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes when you have not opted into receiving or have opted out of receiving such third party offers and/or newsletters through the Site ( s ) . You may request that we stop sharing your information with a third party or third parties for direct marketing purposes after you have opted into such disclosure through the Site ( s ) by emailing us at support @ curse.com and informing us of your desire for us to stop providing your information to a specific third party or a list of specific third parties . Curse 's disclosure to third party partners may be made for cross promotional purposes , but Curse will not receive compensation as the primary consideration for such disclosure . This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of third party websites linked to the Site ( s ) or third party offer and/or newsletter opt-ins provided through the Site ( s ) . Although we encourage such third parties to adopt and follow their own privacy policies , we are not responsible for their collection and use of your personal information . You should refer to the privacy policies and statements of other websites or contact the respective webmasters of those websites to obtain information regarding their information collection , use and disclosure policies . When you have clicked on an advertisement or third party logo displayed on our Site ( s ) which links you to a different website , our Privacy Policy no longer applies and you must read the privacy policy of the advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on their website . The Curse Features may also have message boards , forums and/or chat areas , where users can exchange ideas and communicate with one another . When you post to a message board , forum or chat area , please be aware that the information you post is made publicly available on-line and you do so at your own risk . We may use third-party advertising companies , such as Yahoo ! , Google , OpenX , Lijit to serve ads when you visit our website . These companies may use information about your interests in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , see the Digital Advertising Alliance 's or Network Advertising Initiative 's website . You may update or delete your personal information or modify your account preferences for the Curse Features by accessing the My Account area of the Curse Features or sending us an email to support @ curse.com requesting us to update or delete your personal information . Please note that when you delete your account , we may retain your account information for a reasonable period of time afterward for the purpose of internal account management and fraud prevention activities . If you no longer want to receive our newsletter , e-mails or other announcements , you may unsubscribe by selecting unsubscribe in your account , writing to us at contact @ curse.com or replying to the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our e-mails . Please note that you can not unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us , including messages relating to your account transactions . If you wish to unsubscribe from any newsletters , offers , e-mails or other announcements from our third party advertising partners that you have opted into through the Site ( s ) , you will need to contact such third party advertising partner directly through their independent website ( s ) . If you are a resident of a country outside of the European Union , you also agree that , in the event any dispute or claim arises out of or relating to this Privacy Policy that you and Curse will attempt in good faith to negotiate a written resolution of the matter directly between the parties . You agree that if the matter remains unresolved for forty-five ( 45 ) days after notification ( via certified mail or personal delivery ) that a dispute exists , all parties shall join in mediation services in San Francisco , California with a mutually agreed mediator in an attempt to resolve the dispute . Should you file any arbitration claims , or any administrative or legal actions without first having attempted to resolve the matter by mediation , then you agree that you will not be entitled to recover attorney 's fees , even if you would otherwise be entitled to them . If you are a resident of the European Union , in the event that you have any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy , you may report your claim to the European Union Data Protection Authorities located in your jurisdiction . The personal information that you provide to us is stored on servers , which are located in secured facilities with restricted access , and protected by protocols and procedures designed to ensure the security of such information . In addition , we restrict access to personal information to Curse employees , independent contractors and agents who need to know this information in order to develop , operate and maintain the Curse Features . All Curse personnel who have access to this information are trained in the maintenance and security of such information . However , no server , computer or communications network or system , or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . As a result , while we strive to protect user information , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through the use of any of the Curse Features and you acknowledge and agree that you provide such information and engage in such transmissions at your own risk . Once we receive a transmission from you , we will endeavor to maintain its security on our systems . Curse complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland . Curse has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Curse 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ . This Privacy Policy may change from time to time and we will post all changes on this page . If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy , please contact us by email at contact @ curse.com . Please read the Terms of Service and Premium Subscription Additional Terms of Service governing the use of the Site ( s ) and the Curse Features . 
From Bulbapedia , the community-driven Pokmon encyclopedia . Bulbagarden.net recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of Bulbagarden.net . We created the following policy guidelines with a fundamental respect for our users ' right to privacy . Contents [ hide ] 1 General 2 Information collected by Bulbagarden.net 3 Use of information 3.1 Contests 3.2 Cookies & Advertising Bulbagarden.net uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to us secure and to disclose such information only to responsible third parties after permission from the user . Bulbagarden.net is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which we may provide links or the websites of our affiliates or advertisers . Bulbagarden.net collects information about users during their registration for our newsletter and during their participation in certain activities on our website , including contests . When users request pages from our server , our Web server automatically collects some information about the users , including their IP addresses . These addresses are used by computers on the network to send the requested pages to users . Bulbagarden.net does not reveal any personal information that users provide to us to any third party without their permission . By entering Bulbagarden.net contests , users consent to the use of their name in the announcement of the winners on the Bulbagarden.net site and/or Newsletter , and use of their name and likeness for advertising and/or promotional and/or marketing purposes . Users ' contact information may also be used by Bulbagarden.net to notify the user they have won and to confirm their mailing address . Bulbagarden.net may use user entered information in combination with site usage information to help display advertisements relevant to the users interest and navigation patterns . Bulbagarden.net may use cookies to help in tracking these patterns but does not store or collect any personal data in combination with user supplied information . Cookies are small text files that contain a string of alphanumeric characters . You can remove cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser 's help file . For more information about cookies please visit http : //www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/ . Bulbagarden.net uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site . These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here . 
NVIDIA Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights Notice To California Residents Your California Privacy Rights : Effective January 1 , 2005 , under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 ( known as the " Shine the Light " law ) , if an individual who is a California resident has provided personal information to a business in connection with a business relationship that is primarily for personal , family , or household purposes , and if that business has within the immediately preceding calendar year disclosed such an individual 's personal information to a third-party and knows or should have known that such third-party used the information for its own direct marketing purposes , then that business is obligated to disclose in writing to such individual upon request , what personal information was shared and with whom it was shared . A business may comply with this law by : ( i ) having EITHER a published privacy policy of not sharing a customer 's personal information for third-parties ' direct marketing use unless the customer has first affirmatively opted in to such sharing OR a published privacy policy of not sharing a customer 's personal information for third-parties ' direct marketing use if the customer has opted out to prevent his/her personal information from being shared for direct marketing use ; AND ( ii ) notifying the customer of his/her right to opt out and providing a cost-free means for the customer to exercise that right . Any request for a disclosure required under this California law should be sent to us via email at CaliforniaPrivacyDisclosure @ nvidia.com . Please note that under this law , we are not required to respond to a customer 's request more than once in a calendar year , nor are we required to respond to any request that is not sent to the email or mailing address designated above . This policy was last updated on January 6 , 2013 . NVIDIA respects the privacy of all visitors to its world wide family of NVIDIA-owned websites and mobile apps , including www.nvidia.com , www.slizone.com , 3DVision Live , GeForce.com , GTC , TegraZone.com , and shield.nvidia.com . [ CLICK HERE ] for the NVIDIA Kids Privacy Policy . Introduction What Information We May Collect Why We Collect Personal Information Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information Kids Privacy Policy Links to Other Sites Security How to Contact Us Online Privacy Policy Updates Your Consent ________________________________________________________________________ Return to top NVIDIA is committed to implementing appropriate protections for any Personal Information that our users share with us . NVIDIA 's Online Privacy Policy and Kids Privacy Policy set forth our policies and procedures regarding our collection , use , and/or sharing of your Personal Information . Return to top When users visit our website or mobile apps , we may collect " Personal information , " which is any information that can be used to identify a particular individual , such as name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , or other contact information . In addition , we may collect information about your visits to our websites , including the pages you view , the links and ads you click , search terms you enter , and other actions you take in connection with NVIDIA websites . We may also collect certain information from the browser you used to come to our website , such as your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type and language , access times , the Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) of the website that referred you to our website and to which URL you browse away from our site if you click on a link on our site . When other non-public information , such as product preferences , hobbies or browsing history , is directly associated with personally identifiable information , that other information is treated as Personal Information . Please note : The NVIDIA Online Store is managed independently by Digital River , Inc. , and is subject exclusively to the Digital River Privacy Statement . For a complete view of the statement please click here . [ CLICK HERE ] to learn more about how Personal Information is collected . Return to top The Personal Information we collect helps us process transactions , respond to requests , and learn about our users ' interests in terms of the features , performance and support of our products , and customize our users ' website experience ( including the content and advertisements delivered on our websites ) . We also use this information to send newsletters or promotional e-mails regarding new or upgraded products and services . ( Please see the section below on Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information. )  We do not sell Personal Information about our customers or website users to any third parties . We may from time to time share your Personal Information with our business partners , resellers , affiliates , or consulting partners in an effort to better serve you . For example , when you register for a marketing event or contest on our website , we may share your Personal Information with the business partners that help us run the event or contest . [ CLICK HERE ] to learn more how we may share your Personal Information with our business partners . Return to top NVIDIA respects your choices about how your Personal Information is used when you register with us , elect to receive our newsletters , or provide us with Personal Information for other purposes . If you choose not to provide any Personal Information when requested on the website , you can still enjoy most areas on the website . However , you may be unable to access certain areas and services that require our interaction with you . If you choose to provide NVIDIA with your Personal Information , you can " opt-in " to also receive additional communications from NVIDIA , our affiliates or our business partners , such as newsletters , promotional materials , special offers , etc . You can " opt-out " of receiving further communications at any time by unsubscribing at http : //www.nvidia.com/object/opt-out.html , or by following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of any e-mail you receive . We will alert our e-mail marketing partners to stop sending you any further NVIDIA-related communications . However , we may still send you updates to our Legal Notices , Online Privacy Policy , or regarding any account you have created with us . Return to top We take care to protect the privacy of children under the age of 13 who visit our websites or mobile apps . [ CLICK HERE ] to access NVIDIA 's Kids Privacy Policy . Return to top We are not responsible for any content , products or services offered on any third-party websites . Links to third-party websites are provided for your convenience only . This Privacy Policy will not apply to any Personal Information that you provide to , or that is collected by , any third-party website operator or third-party product/service provider . Return to top We will take all reasonable and appropriate measures to protect the personal information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure . Return to top If you have any questions or concerns about NVIDIA 's Online Privacy Policy or Kids Privacy Policy , please send an email to privacy @ nvidia.com or write to us at : NVIDIA Corporation , 2701 San Tomas Expressway , Santa Clara , CA 95050 . Return to top We may makes changes to our Online Privacy Policy from time to time . Please review our policies regularly as updated policies will apply to your future visits to our website . Return to top By using this website , you consent to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy and to NVIDIA 's collecting and processing of your Personal Information for the purposes listed herein . Your Personal Information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in the United States and other countries in which NVIDIA 's backup storage may be located . NVIDIA is committed to complying with all applicable laws regarding consumer privacy . At a minimum , your Personal Information will be processed in accordance with the terms of this Online Privacy Policy and the laws of the United States , which may be more or less stringent than the laws in your country . - See more at : http : //www.nvidia.com/object/privacy_policy.html# sthash.NJ24qgPJ.dpuf 
PRIVACY POLICY We protect your personal information .....  The California Lottery ( www.calottery.com ) is committed to protecting the privacy rights of individuals . It is the Lottery 's policy to limit the collection of personal information and protect the personal information it collects and maintains . The Lottery 's information management practices conform to the requirements of the Information Practices Act ( California Civil Code section 1798 et seq. ) , the California Public Records Act ( California Government Code section 6250 et seq. ) , California Government Code sections 11015.5 and 11019.9 , California Business & Professions Code sections 22575-22579 , and other laws pertaining to information privacy . The Lottery adheres to the following principles in connection with the collection and management of personal information :  Personal information is defined in the Information Practices Act as information that identifies or describes an individual , including : name , Social Security number , physical description , home address , home telephone number , education , and medical or employment history . The Lottery limits the collection of personal information to what is relevant and necessary to accomplish its lawful purpose , defined in the California State Lottery Act . For example , the Lottery may need an individual 's home address , email address , or telephone number in order to answer that person 's questions , process his or her claim form , or provide some other requested assistance . The Lottery may also request demographic information such as ZIP code , age , gender , preferences , interests , and favorites to allow it to provide personalized services . The Lottery website consists of a primary domain and several sub-domains and is referred to collectively as website . The Lottery only collects personal information about individuals if it is provided to the Lottery voluntarily through email , registration forms , or surveys . The Lottery does collect some information automatically from each visitor to its website , including the domain name or Internet Protocol address that relates to the machine used to access the website , the type of browser and operating system used , and the date and time when the website is visited . The Lottery may also automatically collect information about your interaction with Lottery websites and services . For example , it may use website analytics tools on its website to retrieve information from your browser , including the website you came from , the search engine ( s ) and the keywords you used to find the Lottery 's website , the pages you view within the Lottery 's website , your browser add-ons , and your browser 's width and height . This automatically-collected information is not subject to disclosure under the California Public Records Act , and website visitors may request to have their information discarded without reuse or distribution . To make such a request , contact the Lottery 's privacy coordinator : privacy @ calottery.com . simple text files stored temporarily on a visitor 's computer by a web server , to enable easy movement through its website . One of the primary purposes of cookies is to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information . Cookies used by the Lottery may be encrypted and can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer . Non-persistent session cookies are used when visiting and searching informational content on the Lottery 's public website . Session cookies do not contain user information , will not transmit any personal information to the Lottery , and are deleted automatically when the browser window closes or within 24 hours , whichever occurs first . Persistent culture cookies are used to collect username and language setting information and must be deleted manually by the user . In addition , Google tracking cookies may be used to provide information to Google Analytics . Google tracking cookies , used by every website that employs Google Analytics , store information that identifies IP addresses . For those wishing to block Google Analytics , a variety of browser plug-ins are available here . The Lottery uses Flash cookies to support Casual Games in the players ' area . These cookies are persistent and only store certain user settings that you choose for game play . Click here to see removal instructions . To access certain Lottery online services you will need to provide your email address and password ( credentials ) . The Lottery will then temporarily store your unique ID number and the time you signed in via an encrypted cookie on your hard drive . This cookie will allow you to move between services on the website without having to sign in again on each page . When you sign out , these cookies are deleted from your computer . The Lottery also uses cookies to improve your sign-in experience . For example , your email address may be stored in a cookie that will remain on your computer after you sign out . This cookie allows your email address to be pre-populated so that you will only need to type your password the next time you sign in . If you are using a public computer or do not otherwise want this information to be stored , you can select the appropriate button on the sign-in page and this cookie will not be used . You have the ability to accept or decline cookies . Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer . If you choose to decline cookies , you will not be able to sign in or use other interactive features and services offered in the players ' area of the Lottery 's website . If you choose to accept cookies , you also have the ability to later delete cookies that you have accepted . For example , in Internet Explorer 7 you can delete cookies by selecting Tools , Delete browsing history , and Delete Cookies . Each browser may provide a different way to delete cookies . If you choose to delete cookies , any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies will be deleted and may need to be recreated when you next access the website . The Lottery prohibits web beacons on its website from being used by third parties to collect or access your personal information . In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with the Lottery , information collected through one Lottery service may be combined with information obtained through other Lottery and Lottery-affiliated services . The Lottery may also supplement the information it collects with information obtained from other companies . This will enable the Lottery , for example , to offer customized services and information based on location information determined by your computer IP address . The Lottery strives to inform individuals who provide personal information about the general uses that the Lottery will make of that information . The Lottery does this at the time of information collection . The Lottery allows individuals who provide personal information to review that information and contest its accuracy or completeness . To make such a request , contact the Lottery 's privacy coordinator : privacy @ calottery.com to protect personal information it collects from loss , unauthorized access , illegal use , or unauthorized disclosure . The Lottery uses Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) encryption software to protect the security of individuals ' personal information during transmission of such information through the Lottery 's website . Such personal information is stored by the Lottery in secure locations . The Lottery 's staff is trained on procedures for the management of personal information , including limitations on the release of information . Access to personal information is limited to those members of the Lottery 's staff and contractors whose work requires such access . Confidential information is destroyed according to the Lottery 's records retention schedule . The Lottery conducts periodic reviews to ensure that proper information management policies and procedures are understood and followed . In order to access some Lottery services , you will be asked to sign in using your credentials . As part of creating your account , you may also be required to select questions and secret answers that may be used by the Lottery to help verify your identity and assist in resetting your password . Some services may require added security , and in these cases , you may be asked to create an additional security key . The Lottery permanently records the IP address of the machine you use for registration and only stores the date and IP address of the last login thereafter . Finally , a unique ID number will be assigned to your account which will be used to identify your profile and associated information , such as login history and game play history . In general , the Lottery encourages all individuals to use appropriate safeguards to secure their computers and the information on those computers . If any individual has further questions about the Lottery 's privacy policy , they are encouraged to contact the Lottery 's Privacy Coordinator via email at privacy @ calottery.com or in writing to : The California State Lottery - Attention : Privacy Coordinator , 700 Tenth Street , Sacramento , CA 95811 . Effective Date : May 5 , 2011 
Nintendo Privacy Notice Version franaise | Versin espaola | Verso Portugus Please Note : If you are looking for the Privacy Notice related to the use of specific Nintendo products , please use these links : Wii U , Wii , Nintendo 3DS , Nintendo DSi / Nintendo DSi XL The Privacy Notice listed below only applies to Nintendo 's web sites . For a list of the web sites , click here . Last Updated : December 10 , 2013 Nintendo knows that privacy is important to you . This Privacy Notice describes our collection , use , disclosure , storage and protection of your information . By using a Nintendo product or service , you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice . Information you provide to us . We collect information that you provide to us when you use our products and services or anytime you are in contact with us . Some types of information you may provide include :  Registration information that you may be required to provide when you sign up to use our services , including your name , address , telephone number , and email address ; Login information that you use to sign in to our services , such as your username and password ; Demographic information about you , including your age , gender , hobbies , interests , and country of residence ; Payment information that you submit , including your credit card number , expiration date , and credit card security code , where needed to complete a transaction you have initiated ; Messages , photos , videos , drawings , audio recordings and other information shared by you through the interactive features of our products and services ; Correspondence you send directly to us ; and Information you provide to us offline ( through , for example , regular mail , in-person sweepstakes entry forms , and consumer service transactions such as repairs , part orders and direct purchases ) . Information we collect automatically . We may collect some information automatically when you use our products and services . Some types of information we may collect automatically include :  Information about your use of our products and services , including your browser type , operating system , platform , IP address , MAC address , cookies , language and region ; Information about websites you visited before and after visiting our websites , search queries that landed you on our websites , search queries you conducted on our websites , and pages and advertisements you viewed and links you clicked on while using our websites ; Information about your Nintendo device including device serial number , device ID and friend codes ; and Information about your game play , online status , wireless access point , purchases , and other information about your interactions with our products and services . Information we receive from other sources . We may receive information about you from other sources , including through third-party services and retailers . Some examples of information we may receive from other sources include :  Navigation data , including websites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked ; Information about consumer service transactions ; and Retail purchase information . Please note that we may add information we receive from other sources to the information we already have about you . We also may combine your information with information about other users , including game play , demographic , search term , clickstream and purchase information , and use this combined information in an aggregated format . In order to collect some of the information described above , we may use web beacons , cookies , log files , and similar technologies in some of our products and services , including our emails . Web Beacons : We may use web beacons ( also referred to as pixel trackers or clear GIFs ) , which are small graphic images placed on a web page , on a web-based document , or in an email message . Web beacons are designed to collect certain user information and monitor certain user activity . Information collected by web beacons might include your IP address , MAC address , the URL of the page you came from , or your interactions with our website or an email message we send to you . We may use the information collected through web beacons , for example , to determine how to improve certain products and services by identifying popular web pages , services , features , and products ; to personalize our products and services ; to make recommendations for products and services ; and to complete transactions you have requested . Cookies : We may use cookies , which are unique identifiers that are sometimes placed on your device to record data about your visits to a website , so that the site can recognize your device and personalize your visit . Information collected by cookies may be linked to your transaction history , online game play or other information . We may use information collected by cookies , for example , to determine how to improve certain products and services by identifying popular web pages , services , features , and products ; to personalize our products and services ; to make recommendations for products and services ; and to complete transactions you have requested . Log Files : We maintain log files which record activity related to the use of our products and services , such as the number of hits a particular webpage has received , the type and quality of a user 's Internet connection , the type of hardware and/or software used to access a particular service , which features of a service are used and their frequency of use . The entries within these log files may include , for example , your IP addresses , MAC addresses , cookie information , device ID , transactional data , device settings , and download activity . We may use these log files , for example , to monitor traffic on our website , to facilitate use of certain services and to troubleshoot technical problems . Third Party Partners : We also may permit our third party partners to set cookies and web beacons on our websites , or within emails sent on our behalf , to help us perform various internal functions necessary to operate our business . These third parties may use these cookies and web beacons to collect information about your visit to our website and may use that information during , or after , your visits to our website to provide you advertisements about goods and services that may be of greater interest to you . These third parties may offer you a way to opt-out of this type ad targeting . To learn more , you can visit www.networkadvertising.org and www.aboutads.info . We may use your information in order for us , our affiliated companies , or our third party partners , to : ( i ) fulfill your requests for products , services , and information , including to send you commercial and non-commercial messages and to process orders you have placed ; ( ii ) contact you in connection with our products and services , including for marketing and promotional purposes ; ( iii ) facilitate your use of our products and services ; ( iv ) enable your participation in online games , contests , sweepstakes , surveys , public forums , and other features offered through our products and services ; ( v ) make recommendations and customize the content , features , and advertising available through our products and services ; ( vi ) set up repair orders and respond to consumer service inquiries ; ( vii ) provide back-end services , including system updates and system messages ; ( viii ) provide free games , applications , trials , and other content ; ( ix ) analyze and facilitate the use of our products and services ; ( x ) conduct demographic studies ; ( xi ) understand , improve , and develop our products and services ; ( xii ) prevent potentially illegal or offensive activities ; ( xiii ) enforce our rights or the rights of our users ; ( xiv ) verify your identity and prevent fraudulent transactions ; and ( xv ) for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent . At times we may make certain information that we collect available to our affiliated companies , to our third party partners , to other Nintendo users , and for other legal and business purposes . For example :  Nintendo Affiliates . We may share information with other Nintendo affiliated companies that use it consistent with this Privacy Notice . Third Parties . We may share information with our third party partners to help us perform various functions necessary to operate our business or fulfill your requests ( for example , completing downloads or purchases , developing and executing marketing campaigns ) . We also may share such information to , for example , complete your transactions , provide you with advertising and other promotional materials , and assist in the creation of user accounts with such third parties . Other Users . We may share information , including , for example , your Mii name , Mii profile information , online status , Mii greeting , and other game play information , with other Nintendo users when you use the online features of our products and services . Friends . Some of our products and services allow you to add friends to a friend list . Through the friend list and friend messaging features , certain information that you have provided , or that is stored on your Nintendo device , including your Mii name , Mii profile information , Mii greeting , online status , rankings , and other user or game play information , may be shared with your friends . Local Communications . Some Nintendo devices have local communication features that can be activated by you . These features allow some of your information to be collected and shared , automatically , with us and with other Nintendo users . These features also allow us , and other Nintendo users , to automatically contact and interact with you . When these features are enabled by you , you may receive information about , and communications from , other Nintendo users , and you may also receive advertising and promotional materials from Nintendo and its third party partners . You may disable these local communication features at any time through the system settings on your Nintendo device . Legal and Business Purposes . We may disclose your information in order to comply with legal process , to respond to claims or inquiries , or to protect the rights , property or personal safety of Nintendo , our users , or the public . Your information may also be disclosed as part of any sale or transfer of company assets , if legally permitted . You are responsible for any information that you share with others through use of our products and services . Please be aware that other users may be able to store , modify , or share with third parties , information that you provide to them . We may offer you an account for one or more of our loyalty programs , including Club Nintendo , so that you have the opportunity to receive personalized content and participate in a variety of activities , promotions and programs . Within certain parameters , you may be able to link your Nintendo device or network account to your loyalty account . In such circumstances , we will use your information to , for example , automatically register your purchases in your loyalty account so that you have the opportunity to receive rewards and promotions . You may unlink these accounts in the settings section of the Nintendo eShop . You may disclose your information to third parties when you use our products and services in order to play third-party games , use third-party applications or plugins , view third-party advertisements , or visit third-party websites . We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties , and we recommend that you review their privacy notices before submitting any information to them . In accordance with applicable law , we obtain consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their children . You can find information about how we collect , use , and disclose personal information from our users , including children under the age of 13 , in the sections above titled YOUR INFORMATION , USE OF INFORMATION , DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION . You may review , and have deleted , the personal information we have collected from your child , and you may refuse to permit our further collection or use of your child 's personal information , by contacting a Nintendo Privacy Administrator via email at privacypolicy @ noa.nintendo.com , by phone at 1-888-977-7627 , or by regular mail at Nintendo of America Inc. , Attn : Nintendo Privacy Administrator , 4600 150th Avenue NE , Redmond , WA 98052 , U.S.A . Before responding to your request to review personal information collected from your child , we may require that you follow reasonable procedures to help verify your identity as the child 's parent or legal guardian . We may deny any request that fails to follow these procedures . If you choose to have your child 's personal information deleted , or refuse to permit further collection or use of your child 's personal information , certain features of our products and services may be limited or unavailable . Please note that third-party game publishers , application providers , and content providers may collect , use , and disclose your child 's personal information through our products and services when your child uses third-party services or content . Nintendo is not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties , and we recommend that you review their privacy notices before your child provides or exchanges any personal information through third-party services or content . We strongly recommend that you supervise your child 's use of our products and services at all times . You can restrict your child 's use of certain features of our products and services by setting up the parental controls on your Nintendo device . For a detailed description of these parental control features , please see the user manual for your Nintendo device . Nintendo uses reasonable measures , and has established reasonable safeguards , to help protect your information from loss , theft , misuse , and unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration and destruction . You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us or that we collect , and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information . If you install unauthorized applications or content on , or make unauthorized modifications to , your Nintendo device or its software , your information may be compromised . Nintendo is not responsible for any collection , use or disclosure of information from any Nintendo device that has unauthorized modifications or contains unauthorized software or content . You may use a Nintendo device without providing us your information ; however , some features and applications may not be available to you . You can opt-out of the collection of certain information by not using our services . You also may be able to opt-out of certain types of information collection through your Nintendo device settings , parental controls or other opt-out mechanisms we make available to you . You may opt out of receiving commercial email messages from Nintendo by following the instructions contained in those email messages . Certain information about you may be stored on your Nintendo device . For your protection , before selling , transferring , or otherwise disposing of your Nintendo device , please remove all stored information , including information stored on any of the device 's accessories . For instructions on how to remove stored information from your Nintendo device , please see the user manual or visit support.nintendo.com . If you transfer data from one Nintendo device to another , using any of our system transfer tools or features , any information about you , that is stored on that device , will be transferred as part of the process . Any information you provide , or that is collected through use of our products and services , may be stored , processed , and transferred within , or to , the United States , or any other country in which we or our affiliated companies or third party partners maintain facilities . As a result , it is possible that your information could be accessed by foreign governmental authorities , or otherwise , in accordance with applicable local laws . By using our US based website , you consent to the collection , storage , processing , and transfer of your information in and to the United States , or other countries and territories , pursuant to the laws of the United States . We abide by the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of data from the European Economic Area , and Swittzerland . For more information about the Safe Harbor program , and to view our certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ . We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time . When we update this Privacy Notice , we will revise the " Last Updated " date above . Updates will be posted at support.nintendo.com . We recommend that you review this Privacy Notice each time you use our products or services to help you stay informed of our privacy practices . This Privacy Notice and the certification seal located on our website confirms that we are a valid licensee , and participating member , of the Entertainment Software Rating Board 's Privacy Certified Program : ESRB Privacy Certified . To help protect your privacy , we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative . As a licensee in this privacy certification program , we are subject to frequent audits of our websites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by the ESRB . All of our sites containing the ESRB certification seal have been reviewed , and certified , by ESRB to meet established online information collection and use practices . If you have any questions , complaints or comments regarding this Privacy Notice , or any of our privacy practices , please contact a Nintendo Privacy Administrator via email at privacypolicy @ noa.nintendo.com , via phone at 1-888-977-7627 , or via regular mail at Nintendo of America Inc. , Attn : Privacy Administrator , 4600 150th Avenue NE , Redmond , WA 98052 , U.S.A . You may also contact ESRB Privacy Certified via email at privacy @ esrb.org , or via regular mail at ESRB Privacy Certified , Attn : Vice President , Privacy Certified , 317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor , New York , NY 10017 . 
THE NICKELODEON GROUP PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS LAST UPDATED : 12/26/2013 Welcome ! This Privacy Policy governs the websites , online services , and software made available by the Nickelodeon Group for use on mobile devices , tablets , personal computers and other devices , which includes the websites and online services listed here , including those operated by NeoPets , Inc. and Atom Entertainment , Inc. ( collectively , the Nickelodeon Sites and , individually , Site ) . The Nickelodeon Group is a business unit of Viacom Media Networks , a division of Viacom International , Inc . By accessing any of the Nickelodeon Sites , you are consenting to this Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy describes what information the Nickelodeon Sites collect from users , including children , when they visit the Nickelodeon Sites ; how such information is used and stored ; when such information may be disclosed to third parties ; how users , parents , and guardians can control the use and disclosure of collected information ; and how information is protected . Our visitors ' privacy is important to us , and we recognize the need to provide additional privacy protection for children on the Nickelodeon Sites permitting such visitors . Our privacy practices are guided by the United States ' Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 , as well as data privacy laws in the United States and other applicable countries . Younger visitors should always check with their parents or guardians before entering information on any website or mobile application and we encourage families to discuss their household guidelines regarding the online sharing of personal information . SUMMARY . For your convenience , the following is a quick summary of our Privacy Policy . Please read the entire Privacy Policy for more detailed information . WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT . The Nickelodeon Sites collect only the information that is reasonably necessary for the activities available on the particular website . In general , we collect three types of information :  Information that you actively give to us ( for example , during registration , sweepstakes , purchases or content submissions ) ;  Information we automatically collect about your computer or wireless devices ( such as your IP address , cookie ID , and other unique device identifiers ) ; and Information we collect from third parties , including through your registered third-party social media providers . For more detailed information regarding the information we collect , please go here HOW WE STORE SUCH INFORMATION . We store your information using reasonable security precautions and for only as long as we think reasonably necessary . Despite such precautions , there is always a chance that someone may impermissibly access your information . If you think a third party has accessed your information , please contact us immediately as instructed below . For more detailed information regarding how we store information , please go here HOW WE USE SUCH INFORMATION . In general , the information we collect may be used to respond to your requests ; enable you to take advantage of Nickelodeon Sites features and services ; personalize your experience and the advertising you see ; send you special offers and promotions from Nickelodeon , the Viacom family of companies , and on behalf of third-parties whose products or services might be of interest to you ; measure analytics ; and manage and improve the services available on the Nickelodeon Sites . For more detailed information regarding how we use such information , please go here INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES . Depending upon the circumstances , we may share collected information with ( a ) law enforcement or others as needed to protect or defend our rights and the rights of others ; ( b ) third parties we hire to handle certain activities ; ( c ) advertisers or third parties with whom we may partner to provide you additional content , products or services ; ( d ) business partners who sponsor a sweepstakes or contest or who jointly offer a service or feature on the Nickelodeon Sites ; ( e ) within the Viacom family of companies ; ( f ) in the event of a corporate transaction ; and ( g ) otherwise with your consent . For more detailed information regarding our information sharing practices , please go here WHAT INFORMATION OTHERS MAY COLLECT . We may use a number of advertising networks , analytics service providers and other such companies to , for example , serve targeted advertisements or analyze the performance of the Nickelodeon Sites . These companies may use their own unique identifiers , and their use of these technologies is within their control and not ours . These companies may use the information they collect from you consistent with their own privacy policies , which we encourage you to review . For more information about these third parties and how you might be able to control how they use your information , please go here YOUR CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION . You have the right to access , update and correct factual inaccuracies in any personally identifiable information we collect about you . You can stop the delivery of commercial e-mail messages from the Nickelodeon Sites by following the instructions in e-mails you receive . You may have choices about the use of your information by third parties wishing to deliver certain targeted advertising to you . Parents and guardians can review any personally identifiable information collected about their children and request that such information be deleted and/or that no further information be collected . For more detailed information regarding your control over your information , please go here and here WHO WE ARE The Nickelodeon Sites are made available by the Nickelodeon Group . If you have any questions about our information handling practices , including our practices with respect to childrens personal information , please contact us at :  Nick.com CA Privacy Coordinator , c/o Nickelodeon Online , 1515 Broadway , New York , New York 10036 . Or email us at : nickprivacy @ nickonline.com . Or call this number : +1 212-846-2543 . Other corporate affiliates may collect or maintain information through the Nickelodeon Sites , including :  NeoPets , Inc. , Glendale , California Atom Entertainment , Inc . San Francisco , California For more detailed information regarding who we are , please go here QUICK LINKS . I. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE . A. Registration Information B . Social Platform Registrations and Social Media Plugins C . Computer Information Collected By Us D. Computer Information Collected By Others E. Contests and Sweepstakes F. Electronic Postcards and Messages G. Electronic Newsletters H. Interactive Features and Services I. Wireless Marketing Services J. Geolocation Information K. Financial Information L . Other Data Collection and Use II . DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES . A. Law Enforcement and Safety B. Agents C . Third Parties/Advertisers D. Co-Branded Sites And Features E. Viacom and Other Affiliated Businesses F. Business Transfer G. With Your Consent III . INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER . IV . SECURITY , STORAGE AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION . V. ACCESSING AND CORRECTING INFORMATION ; TERMINATION OF WIRELESS SERVICES . A. Reviewing Your Information B. Parental Access C. Termination Of Wireless Services VI . ONLINE SAFETY . VII . LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES . VIII . YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS . IX . CONTACT US We may request or collect certain information when you visit the Nickelodeon Sites . However , visitors are required to share only the information that is reasonably necessary to participate in the particular activity . A. Registration Information : The information required to register varies by Site , but may include : ( a ) birth date ; ( b ) gender ; ( c ) country ; ( d ) state ; ( e ) zip code ; ( f ) user name and password ; ( g ) wireless telephone number ; ( h ) email address ; and ( i ) other profile information such as avatar preferences , communications preferences , and interests . If the Site either is directed to children under 13 or has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 years old , the child may be asked to provide his or her parent 's or guardian 's email address . For certain countries , visitors or their parents/guardians will receive an activation email and must follow the procedures or otherwise agree to the terms within the activation email within a certain time period to activate the account ; accounts not activated within that time period will be deleted . Registration information is used to enable visitors to take advantage of site offerings ; respond to visitor 's requests for products , services , and information ; manage games ; serve appropriate material ; customize the content you see when you visit the Nickelodeon Sites ; and offer visitors special offers and promotions from Nickelodeon Sites and the Viacom family of companies ( which comprises Viacom International Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates , including but not limited to NeoPets , Inc. and Atom Entertainment , Inc. ) , as well as on behalf of selected third parties offering products , programs or services , that we believe may be of interest to you . B . Social Platform Registrations and Social Media Plugins : Some of the Nickelodeon Sites permit or require users who are at least 13 years old to register or log into their account via a social networking platform such as Login with Facebook or Flux , or permit you to use social media plugins such as the Facebook Like or Google +1 buttons . When you use these social networking platforms and plugins , your username and password for the services and other information available about you or collected from you on these services may be shared with us . When you use social networking platforms and plugins , you share your information with them and their privacy policy applies to their collection , use , and disclosure of such information . In addition , they may be able to collect information about you , including your activity on the Nickelodeon Sites , and they may notify your connections on the social networking platform about your use of the Nickelodeon Sites . Such services may also employ unique identifiers which allow your activity to be monitored across multiple websites for purposes of delivering more targeted advertising to you . For more information about Login with Facebook , please go here . For more information on Flux , please go here . Please note that their privacy policies may be different from our own and we encourage you to read them . C . Computer Information Collected by Us : When visitors come to a Site , we may automatically collect certain information from their computers or mobile devices , such as the type of computer operating system ( e.g. , Windows XP or Mac OS ) , the visitor 's IP address , the web browser ( e.g. , Internet Explorer , Safari , Chrome and Firefox ) , UDID ( for certain mobile devices ) , information about the websites visited before and after visiting the Site , the web pages and advertisements viewed and links clicked on within the Nickelodeon Sites , interactions with e-mail messages sent by a Site or the Viacom family of companies ( e.g. , links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ) , information collected through the use of unique identifiers such as cookies ( see below ) , information regarding the Internet service provider , and other standard server log information ( " Computer Information " ) . We may use cookies , web beacons , tokens or similar technologies ( collectively referred to as Tracking Technologies ) on the Nickelodeon Sites . " Cookies " ( which may be html files , Flash files or other technology ) are text files that help store user preferences and activity . Web beacons ( also known as image tags , gif or web bugs ) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data , such as counting page views , promotion views or advertising responses . Tokens are unique persistent identifiers that are generated and sent from a server , such as Adobes Pass service , to a users device to identify an interaction session , such as the authentication for a users cable provider service , and which are usually stored as an HTTP cookie . The Site and/or third parties may use Tracking Technologies to collect Computer Information automatically as you browse the Site and the web . We may use Tracking Technologies to help tailor our content , allow users to move between certain Nickelodeon Sites without logging into each Site , enable the internal functioning of the Nickelodeon Sites , understand Site and internet usage , improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on this Site , personalize your experience on the Site ( for example , to recognize you by name when you return to the Site ) , understand your interactions with email messages originating from the Nickelodeon Sites or the Viacom family of companies ( such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ) , save your password , save your online game or video player settings , enable you to use shopping carts , help us offer you products , programs or services that may be of interest to you , deliver relevant advertising , maintain and administer the Nickelodeon Sites . These Tracking Technologies collect click stream data and additional other information regarding your visits to the Nickelodeon Sites ( such as your visits to specific webpages , use of features , purchasing history or preferences ) , may collect such other information across multiple sessions on the Nickelodeon Sites and other websites offered by the Viacom family of companies and may also collect your IP address or some other identifier unique to the device you use to access the site ( Identifier ) . An Identifier may be automatically assigned to any device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites . When a cable television service subscriber authenticates his cable television service to view full episodes of Nickelodeon programing in the Nick mobile app , a third party token is stored on the users mobile device so that the subscriber can view Nickelodeon television episodes in the future without having to re-authenticate his cable service subscription . By visiting a Site , whether as a registered user or otherwise , you acknowledge , understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to set and access Cookies on your device and track your activities and your use of a Site through these Tracking Technologies and Identifiers and that we may use Tracking Technologies in the emails we send to you . The Nickelodeon Sites adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising . Click here for more information about the Nickelodeon Sites and online behavioral advertising . Nickelodeon does not behaviorally target advertising to children under 13 on sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 . Our Third Party Advertising Service Providers ( as defined in Section D ) do not have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites except to the extent necessary to provide services to the Site . The Third Party Advertising Service Providers , as well as advertisers , may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser ( or , for Flash cookies , if you have not removed them ) and/or they may otherwise have access to other information about you . You have a number of options with respect to the Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites :  You can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) by using the controls in your Web browser . To do so , you must complete both of the steps following your browser type below : Internet Explorer Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Internet Options sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls . Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature . ( See the help section of your browser for more information. )  Google Chrome Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Clear Browsing Data ...  sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls . Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature . ( See the help section of your browser for more information. )  Mozilla Firefox Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Clear Recent History ...  sub-option of the History menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls . Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature . ( See the help section of your browser for more information. )  You may be able to have the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings . This is done through your browser on the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites . Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature . Please note that deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Tracking Technologies through the above options will not remove Flash cookies . For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer , please visit here Please be aware that certain areas and features of Nickelodeon Sites can only be accessed in conjunction with Tracking Technologies , and that disabling Tracking Technologies might prevent you from accessing such content . D. Computer Information Collected By Others : The Nickelodeon Group uses the services of third parties who may collect , use or disclose cookie information , IP addresses or other identifiers from devices and/or browsers of users who visit Nickelodeon Sites . For a list of these third parties on Nickelodeon Sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 , please go here . Nickelodeon Sites use a variety of third-party advertising networks , data exchanges , traffic measurement service providers , marketing analytics service providers , and other third-party service providers ( collectively , Third Party Advertising Service Providers ) to , for example , serve advertisements on the Nickelodeon Sites , facilitate targeting of advertisements , and measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic on the Nickelodeon Sites ( Targeting Services ) . These Targeting Services enable us to display advertisements based on your visits to the Nickelodeon Sites and other websites you have visited and may include delivering advertisements or other content for products and services that may interest you . Targeting Services also help prevent you from seeing repeated advertisements and enable us to research the usefulness of certain advertisements . Nickelodeon does not behaviorally target advertising to children under 13 on sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 . These Third Party Advertising Service Providers do not have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites except to the extent necessary to provide services to the Nickelodeon Sites . The Third Party Advertising Service Providers , as well as advertisers , may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser ( or , for Flash cookies , if you have not removed them ) and/or they may otherwise have access to Other Information about you . In addition , Third Party Advertising Service Providers may collect aggregate log data separately and independently from what the Nickelodeon Sites collect . You should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection , use or disclosure of your information by third parties in connection with their advertisements , promotions and other websites you encounter on the Internet . The use of such technology by these third parties is within their control and not the Nickelodeon Sites . Even if we have a relationship with the third party , we do not control those sites or their policies and practices regarding your information and those sites may use the information they collect from you consistent with their own privacy policies , which we encourage you to review . We encourage you to research and direct any of your questions in this regard to these third parties . With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and advertisers ( and outside the control of the Nickelodeon Sites ) , you have a number of options :  You can opt-out of the use of information for these advertising purposes by two such Third Party Advertising Service Providers , Adobe and DoubleClick by using those Providers ' opt-out tools . You can access Adobe 's tool at http : //www.donottarget.com/ and DoubleClick 's at http : //www.google.com/intl/en/policies/technologies/ads/ . We also may from time to time permit other Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers to collect Information on the Nickelodeon Sites . Some of these Providers and Advertisers may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative 's Opt-Out Tool and/or the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising Please click on the links to these tools to learn more about your choices . Please note the following with respect to opting out of Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and advertisers :  The opt-out tools discussed above are cookie based . This means that the tools rely on cookies to remember your choices with respect to the use of your information by the parties that offer you those choices . If you opt-out but then use the controls in your browser to delete all Tracking Technologies , you may have to opt-out again , a second time , in order to re-establish your opt-out preferences . Opt-outs are browser-specific . This means , for example , that if you opt out while using Internet Explorer 9 , this choice will not affect the collection of information collected by Tracking Technologies when you use Mozilla Firefox on the same device . It also means that opting out on one device will not affect the collection of information by Tracking Technologies on other devices you may use to access the Nickelodeon Sites . You also can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) on a particular device by using the controls in your Web browser . To do so , you must complete both of the following steps :  Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Internet Options sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls . Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature . ( See the help section of your browser for more information. )  You may be able to set the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites to warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings . This is done through your browser on the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites . Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature . Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies does not mean that you will no longer receive online ads . Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies only means that such ads will no longer be tailored to your specific viewing habits or interests , but you will continue to see ads on the Nickelodeon Sites . PLEASE NOTE THAT THE USE AND STORAGE OF FLASH COOKIES TYPICALLY CANNOT BE CONTROLLED THROUGH YOUR BROWSER . For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer , please visit here Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms . Some web browsers may transmit " do-not-track " signals to the websites with which the browser communicates . Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature , it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted , or whether they even are aware of them . There currently is disagreement , including among participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization , concerning what , if anything , websites should do when they receive such signals . We currently do not take action in response to these signals , but , if and when a final standard is established and accepted , we may reassess how to respond to these signals . Instead , as set forth above , please see the link to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising program that we follow that offers you choice regarding Information collected for online behavioral advertising purposes and the browser cookie controls and other mechanisms described above in Section I ( C ) . E. Contests and Sweepstakes : The Nickelodeon Sites may offer online contests and sweepstakes . To enter these contests and sweepstakes , you may be required to provide your first name and email address and/or additional information required for the management of the contest or sweepstakes . On sites that either are directed to children under 13 or where we have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 , we may collect the child 's e-mail address to enter the child in the contest or sweepstakes , store such child 's email address for the duration of the sweepstakes , and use it for notification if he or she is the winner . For certain contests or sweepstakes on such sites , we may ask for the email address of the child 's parent or guardian to inform the parent or guardian of his or her child 's entry and give the parent or guardian the option to have the child 's entry deleted . F. Electronic Postcards and Messages : Some Nickelodeon Sites provide visitors the opportunity to send electronic postcards and wish lists of items they want to family or friends , which means we will send , on the visitor 's behalf , email messages to family and/or friends . To do so , visitors must provide the email address of the recipient of such electronic postcards or email messages . Visitors must only provide email addresses of people who they know would be happy to receive such electronic postcards or email messages . Email addresses provided to us for this purpose are used solely to send the requested postcard or email message and are deleted from our system once the postcard or message is sent . In some cases , we may offer visitors an incentive ( e.g. , points to be used in an online game ) for referring information about products to the visitor 's family or friends . In such cases , we will comply with all applicable legal requirements . Please note that this feature may not be available to visitors in certain regions or countries . G. Electronic Newsletters : Visitors can provide their email addresses to receive email newsletters and promotions from the Nickelodeon Group , the Viacom family of companies , and our business partners . Visitors may change their preferences regarding emails at any time through the unsubscribe link in the newsletters or , for certain Nickelodeon Sites , by logging into and changing the preferences for their account . When visitors to Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to children under 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 years old ask to receive our email newsletter ( s ) , they will be asked to provide their first name , email address and the email address of their parent/guardian . We will send the child 's parent/guardian a notification email informing them of the child 's request to receive by email the newsletter on an ongoing basis and give the parent/guardian the option to have his or her child 's information removed from our newsletter database . The link to remove the child 's information will expire approximately 48 hours from the time it is sent , but at any time after receiving this notification email , the child 's parent/guardian may request that we stop sending the child the newsletter ( s ) by following the " unsubscribe " instructions found at the end of any of the newsletter emails . Parents/guardians may at any time review any personally identifiable information collected online about their child . See section V ( B ) below . When a child provides a parent 's/guardian 's email address when signing up for newsletter ( s ) , that email address is used to send the notification email message and is subsequently deleted from our system . H. Interactive Features and Services : Some of the Nickelodeon Sites offer interactive features and services , such as message boards , chat rooms , electronic mail services , comment boxes , messaging services , and member profile pages . For certain countries , on Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to children under 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 years old , we either will obtain the consent of the child 's parent/guardian before allowing the child to use these interactive features and services or will use reasonable technical measures to delete all or virtually all personal information from a child 's postings before they are made public and also delete such information from our records . We use the information collected through interactive features and services to enable you to participate in such features and services . I. Wireless Marketing Services : Consistent with local law , appropriately aged visitors may have the opportunity to register for special promotions , services , news , programming and information delivered via text messaging and/or wireless devices . To do so , visitors may be asked to provide their telephone number , email address , carrier 's name , and/or their opinion regarding certain goods and/or services . Visitors must opt in to receive wireless marketing material from businesses within the Nickelodeon Group and Viacom family of companies through one of the following methods : ( a ) filling out the registration information on any Nickelodeon Sites ' wireless marketing registration page ; or ( b ) sending a specific word , code or symbol via a text message to a telephone number designated by us in any promotional material . The visitor may also be asked to confirm his or her acceptance to receive such wireless marketing services . Visitors that register for wireless marketing services acknowledge , understand and agree that they will be charged by the visitor 's wireless carrier for all messages sent to the visitor from the Nickelodeon Sites or Viacom family of companies . Standard messaging rates will apply , unless noted otherwise . Under no circumstances will the Nickelodeon Group or the Viacom family of companies be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by such visitor or by a person that has access to a visitor 's wireless device , telephone number , or email address . J. Geolocation Information : We may collect and store information about your geographic location , but we will only collect precise geolocation information sufficient to identify street name and name of a city or town on Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to users over 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is over 13 years old and only if you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information . You may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with such information . We use this information , for example , to enable visitors to take advantage of Site offerings ; respond to visitor 's requests for products , services , and information ; manage games ; customize the content visitors see when visiting the Nickelodeon Sites ; and to offer visitors special offers and promotions from Nickelodeon Sites and the Viacom family of companies , as well as on behalf of selected third parties offering products , programs or services that we believe may be of interest to our visitors . By accepting this Privacy Policy and using the applicable Site , you hereby consent to the collection and storage of such geolocation information as described above . K. Financial Information : We collect and use financial information , such as credit card numbers and security codes , for the limited purposes described below . i . Arcades : Users who are of legal age to form a binding contract may purchase games available on the Nickelodeon Sites ( e.g. , games from Shockwave.com ) . Purchasing such games may require providing information to process the order including full name , billing and/or shipping addresses , billing address , email address , credit card number , control payment number , PIN , card security code , expiration date and/or a phone number . After successfully entering a valid credit card number/expiration date and completing the order process , an account is created . We use this information to process the order and to send order confirmations via email , as well as to send information about products and services of interest and as otherwise required by law . If you make purchases using a pre-paid card , we will not require you to enter any personally identifiable information to complete your purchase . ii . Consumer Products : Certain of the Nickelodeon Sites provide pages and/or links to pages offering visitors who are of legal age to form a binding contract the opportunity to purchase consumer products ( the " Shops " ) . To do so , visitors need to provide contact , shipping , billing and credit information . These pages may be hosted and operated by a third party that is independent and separate from the Nickelodeon Sites . This third party collects personal information about shop visitors and may share this information with us . We use this information to process the order and to send order confirmations via email , as well as to send information about products and services of interest and as otherwise required by law . Before providing information on these pages , we encourage you to review the posted privacy policies which govern such third party 's use of your information , as they may differ from ours . iii . Virtual Items/Memberships : Some of the Nickelodeon Sites may offer memberships , online subscriptions and/or virtual items for use in conjunction with the Nickelodeon Sites ' games . When you enter into a transaction for a membership , subscription , virtual item or similar transaction , you may be asked to provide the credit card and/or billing information and email address . We will use this information to fulfill your specified requests , as well as to inform you about additional products or service opportunities and as otherwise required by law . Please also see the information regarding payment processors in Section II ( B ) below . L . Other Data Collection and Use . We collect search query information when visitors search for information on the Nickelodeon Sites . We also collect information from visitors when they contact us with questions and comments . We may use this information , along with any of the other information described above , to ( i ) analyze use of the Nickelodeon Sites and understand and improve our service offerings ; ( ii ) prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities ; and ( iii ) for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent . We may combine information collected through the Nickelodeon Sites with information we collect from other sources ( e.g. , social media integration services ) , other Viacom family of company 's sites , offline records or publicly available information ) . It is your responsibility to provide complete and accurate information and to keep such information up to date . We are not responsible for any problem or liability arising from your failure to do so . We may share your information with third parties for the limited purposes described below . In the U.S. , parents of children under the age of 13 have the option of consenting to the collection and use of their child 's personal information without consenting to the disclosure of that information to certain third parties . A. Law Enforcement and Safety . You acknowledge , consent , and agree to the extent legally permissible in your jurisdiction to allow us to access , preserve , and/or disclose the information we collect and/or content you provide to us ( including information you may have posted on bulletin boards or internal site communication systems ) to a law enforcement agency or other third parties if required to do so by law or with a good faith belief that such access , preservation , or disclosure is reasonably necessary to : ( a ) comply with legal process ; ( b ) enforce the Terms of Use of the respective Nickelodeon Sites ; ( c ) respond to claims that the content violates the rights of third parties ; ( d ) respond to your requests for customer service ; or ( e ) protect the rights , property , or personal safety of the owners of the Nickelodeon Sites , any user of the Nickelodeon Sites , a third party or the general public . We also may disclose user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability ; to protect or defend our rights or property ; or protect the safety , rights , or property of others . If you have concerns about the conduct of a particular user , please send an e-mail to nickprivacy @ nickonline.com . This email is not to contact us about the status of your account . B. Agents . Information collected through the Nickelodeon Sites may be transferred , disclosed or shared with third parties engaged by us to handle and deliver certain activities , such as message boards , sweepstakes and contests , e-cards , payment processing , newsletters , and advisory boards , and to perform other technical and processing functions , such as sending postal mail and email , maintaining data integrity , programming operations , user services or technology services . We may provide these third parties information collected as needed to perform their functions , but they are prohibited from using it for other purposes and specifically agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information . Some of these agents , such as payment processors , may request additional information during the course of offering their services . Before you provide additional information to third party agents , we encourage visitors to review their privacy policies and information collection practices . C . Third Parties/Advertisers . The Nickelodeon Group uses the services of third parties who may collect , use or disclose cookie information , IP addresses or other identifiers from devices and/or browsers of users who visit Nickelodeon Sites . For a list of these third parties on Nickelodeon Sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 , please go here . Some Nickelodeon Sites partner with outside third parties to provide you with additional content , products , or services that we believe may be of interest . For example , we may partner with a greeting card company , software manufacturer , social media plugin provider , or mobile phone provider to offer you electronic cards , games , social networking , or text messaging services . These partners operate websites and services that are separate and independent from the Nickelodeon Sites and , accordingly , may have their own privacy policies . If you consent or register with one of our partners , that means you grant the Nickelodeon Sites permission to give your registration and other information , including e-mail address , to that third party . If you have identified yourself as residing in the EU , we will not share your email address or other personally identifiable information with third parties for advertising purposes unless you have " opted-in. "  In addition , Third Party Advertising Service Providers may use their own Tracking Technologies to gather information about you . Please see Section I ( D ) above for more detailed information regarding such use of Tracking Technologies . For more information on our use of third party advertisers and the self-regulatory principles , please click here D. Co-Branded Sites and Features Some Nickelodeon Sites offer co-branded services and features , such as events and promotions that we put together with another company ( " Co-Branded Partner " ) . Such services may be hosted on a Site and/or our Co-Branded Partner 's website . We may share your information with our Co-Branded Partner and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature means that you opt-in and affirmatively consent to both the Nickelodeon Sites and our Co-Branded Partner collecting and using the information you provided during registration and/or in connection with the specific co-branded feature for fulfillment , marketing or administrative purposes . If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner 's future use of your information for marketing purposes , you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly . The Co-Branded Partner will be identified on the co-branded feature or service . E. Viacom and Other Affiliated Businesses The Nickelodeon Sites are part of the Viacom family of companies . Where permitted by law , we may share information we collect about you within the websites of the Viacom family of companies ' and other affiliated businesses so that we can , for example , provide you with information about products and services that might interest you . F. Business Transfer In the event that assets relating to one or more of the Nickelodeon Sites are transferred or sold to another entity as a result of , for example , a corporate sale , merger , consolidation , asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy , information collected at the Nickelodeon Sites may be transferred to the acquiring company . G. With Your Consent We may otherwise disclose your information pursuant to your consent . The Nickelodeon Sites are designed for and targeted to U.S. audiences and are governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S. While users from countries other than the U.S. may access certain of the Nickelodeon Sites , we make no representation that the Nickelodeon Sites are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of , or governed by , other nations . By participating in activities on the Nickelodeon Sites , you certify that you meet the age and other eligibility requirements for the Nickelodeon Sites as set forth in the respective Terms of Use Agreement for each Site . If you do not meet the age and other eligibility requirements of the particular Site you are visiting , please discontinue using that Site immediately as your continued use of the Nickelodeon Sites indicates that you are agreeing to the collection , use , disclosure , management and storage of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy . Please be aware that by providing us with personal information , you understand and agree that : ( 1 ) due to our international operations , your personal information may be transferred to and stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction ; ( 2 ) to the extent you are a resident of a country other than the United States , you consent to the transfer of such data to the United States for processing by our affiliates in accordance with this Privacy Policy and ( 3 ) the Privacy Policy and the collection of information pursuant to the Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States , without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law . Our affiliates comply with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor . Please see the Safe Harbor Privacy Policy for detailed information on these affiliates ' privacy practices . If you do not consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy , please do not use the Nickelodeon Sites because your use of the Nickelodeon Sites represents your consent . If you have already provided personal information , please contact us about how you would like us to handle such information . The Nickelodeon Sites maintain reasonable technical and organizational steps to help ensure that information collected is secure , including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers and use of electronic security systems and password protections which guard against unauthorized access . The Nickelodeon Sites conduct financial transactions via secured transmissions . We limit access to visitor 's information to employees and contractors who are authorized for the proper handling of such information , and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes . We also take reasonable steps to help make sure our third-party agents protect the security of your personal information . However , as with most Internet sites or services , it is possible that third parties may unlawfully access such personal information through a number of means despite our efforts . Information collected at the Nickelodeon Sites will not be stored for longer than is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy , or to otherwise meet legal requirements . A. Reviewing Your Information You have the right to access , update and correct factual inaccuracies in personally identifiable information that we collect online at the Nickelodeon Sites , subject to certain exceptions . To do so , you should log into your account or you may e-mail us at nickprivacy @ nickonline.com . To help protect your privacy and the security of your personally identifiable information , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access . B. Parental Access Parents/guardians of children under the age of 13 can print out and mail or fax us a signed form that allows them to review any personally identifiable information collected about their child , have this information deleted , and/or request that there be no further collection or use of their child 's personally identifiable information . You can download the form here . We will take steps to verify the identity of anyone requesting personally identifiable information about a child and to ensure that the person is in fact the child 's parent or legal guardian . C. Termination of Wireless Services You may cancel one or more wireless services via your wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by the Nickelodeon Sites at the time the message is sent , or by sending a text message that says " STOP " , " END " , " CANCEL " , " REMOVE " , " UNSUBSCRIBE " or " QUIT " . Nickelodeon Sites will terminate your registration for the most recent wireless service you received . Any of these words followed by the word " ALL " in the user 's termination request will cancel all of the user 's registered wireless services with the Nickelodeon Sites . If you unsubscribe from one or all of wireless service ( s ) via your wireless device , the service ( s ) will be terminated immediately and will cancel your previous opt-in . Some of the Nickelodeon Sites offer you and your child an online safety guide which we encourage you to use as starting point for discussing safety and privacy concerns with your child . Of course , involvement in your family 's online lives is the most important safety tool available . Some of the various guides are available here :  http : //www.neopets.com/safetytips.phtml http : //www.nick.com/club/parents-online-safety-guide.html The websites that comprise the Nickelodeon Sites may contain links to other sites , including those of sponsors , advertisers , social networking platforms , and survey companies . These other websites are governed by their own privacy policies or information collection practices , which may be substantially different from ours . We encourage visitors to other websites to review the privacy policies and information collection practices of those websites . California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . To make such a request , please send an email to or write us : nickprivacy @ nickonline.com email , or you may contact us via regular mail at :  Nick.com CA Privacy Coordinator Nickelodeon Online 1515 Broadway New York , New York 10036 This document is the sole statement of the Nickelodeon Sites ' Privacy Policy and no summary , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , including , without limitation , machine-generated , is valid . In interpreting this Agreement , the English version governs the interpretation and meaning of the obligation set forth herein . To the extent there is an ambiguity or conflict with the Privacy Policy in other languages , the Privacy Policy in English governs . If you have any other questions about our information handling practices , including our practices with respect to children 's personal information , please contact us at : Nick.com CA Privacy Coordinator c/o Nickelodeon Online 1515 Broadway New York , New York 10036 Or email us at : nickprivacy @ nickonline.com Or call this number : +1 212-846-2543 Other corporate affiliates may collect or maintain information through the Nickelodeon Sites including : NeoPets , Inc. , Glendale , California Atom Entertainment , Inc . San Francisco , California 
Introduction This document is the Privacy Policy of Travian Games GmbH , Wilhelm- Wagenfeld-Strae 22 , 80807 Munich , Germany ( hereafter referred to as TRAVIAN GAMES ) . It applies to all websites , mobile apps and games operated by Travian Games GmbH ( hereafter referred to as TRAVIAN GAMES ) . In the event that a link contained on a website operated by TRAVIAN GAMES redirects you to another website that is not operated by TRAVIAN GAMES , or if you access the services of a third party ( e.g. when making a payment ) , please be aware that this Privacy Policy will not apply to such third party website . TRAVIAN GAMES collects , processes and stores any data that you willingly submit to TRAVIAN GAMES ( e.g. in standard forms or otherwise on the websites and games operated by TRAVIAN GAMES ) by electronic or other means of communication , or which has been transferred during the interaction between you and the websites and games of TRAVIAN GAMES , in accordance with the following sections and in compliance with prevailing regulations . This includes data you provide to other users when communicating with them on websites and via games operated by TRAVIAN GAMES . In more detail : Contents 1 . Visiting TRAVIAN GAMES websites ..................................................................................  2 2 . Using TRAVIAN GAMES games ..........................................................................................  2 a ) Registration ............................................................................  2 b ) Using the games .....................................................................  3 c ) Communication channels .........................................................  3 d ) Investigating manipulations of game operations .........................  4 e ) Internal research .....................................................................  4 f ) Payment processing .................................................................  4 3 . Transfer of your data to third parties ..............................................................................  5 4 . Technical features ...................................................................................................................  6 a ) Cookies ..................................................................................  6 b ) Web beacons ..........................................................................  6 c ) Social plug-ins ........................................................................  6 d ) Google Analytics .....................................................................  7 e ) Kontagent .............................................................................  7 f ) Adeven ...................................................................................  8 5 . Revocation of consent ............................................................................................................  8 6 . Amendments to or deletion of personal data ................................................................  8 7 . Information on personal data .............................................................................................  9 8 . Final provisions .........................................................................................................................  9 When you visit a website operated by TRAVIAN GAMES , your browser automatically forwards the IP address , browser version , screen resolution and operating system of the device you used to access the site . Your browser will also provide the date , time and duration of the visit to the website and the various sites you accessed during a visit . TRAVIAN GAMES uses this information to optimize its websites and games . In addition , TRAVIAN GAMES uses the analysis tool Google Analytics on its websites . Please read the comments under 4 . d ) for more details on the use of Google Analytics . a ) Registration When you register for a game operated by TRAVIAN GAMES you will be required to enter your email address and to select a username and password . This data will be permanently stored by TRAVIAN GAMES when you validate the activation link sent to the email address you supplied when you registered . If you do not validate the link , this data will be deleted after two weeks . Please do not use your real name , the name of another person or that of a protected registered trademark as a username . In addition , TRAVIAN GAMES will assign a country to you based on the IP address of the device which has been entered . This information will be saved to enable us to offer you an appropriate selection of payment methods . If you click on an advertising link on any TRAVIAN GAMES website and are then forwarded to a website operated by TRAVIAN GAMES , a cookie will be set on your computer that contains information on which advertising link you clicked , for which advertiser , for which game , at what time and in which country . TRAVIAN GAMES will also assign a country to you based on the IP address of your device . TRAVIAN GAMES will assess this nonpersonal data to optimize its advertising campaigns and for accounting purposes regarding its advertisers . The cookie will be deleted once the activation link has been validated . TRAVIAN GAMES is offering a service for an increasing number of games that allows you to activate once only for a game and then use this game account to move easily around multiple game worlds within this game . The basis of this service is that the data you supply when you register for a game will be stored in a central location by the relevant game b ) Using the games TRAVIAN GAMES stores and processes your personal data to implement the game user contract that has been agreed and the use options associated with such contract ( e.g. use of the games , utilization of support , etc. ) . TRAVIAN GAMES also uses the analysis tools Google Analytics and Kontagent for its games . Please read the comments under 4 . d ) and e ) for more details on the use of Google Analytics and Kontagent . The same applies if you access a TRAVIAN GAMES game using one of the mobile apps operated by TRAVIAN GAMES . c ) Communication channels The games and websites operated by TRAVIAN GAMES offer various opportunities to communicate with TRAVIAN GAMES or other players . TRAVIAN GAMES automatically uses filtering systems that prohibit any communications that violate 9 of the Travian Game GmbH General Terms and Conditions . In particular , TRAVIAN GAMES automatically uses filtering systems to block any mass mailings and messages that are of an offensive , obscene or racist nature , that glorify violence or any other objectionable statements or messages that advertise products or services . Moreover , TRAVIAN GAMES records the use of the communication channels for a short period to analyze and fix any technical errors , to guarantee system security and integrity , to combat abusive and/or unauthorized use and to generate user statistics on a non-personal basis . The reports that are generated contain the date and time of the message , the sender and recipient , the message text and the volume of data sent . No employees or agents of TRAVIAN GAMES will read your messages without your consent . Should TRAVIAN GAMES suspect any abusive and/or unauthorized use of the available communication channels ( e.g. when a recipient reports a message ) , TRAVIAN GAMES reserves the right to investigate the relevant game account and the messages sent from that account and to take further action where appropriate . d ) Investigating manipulations of game operations TRAVIAN GAMES will collect and store records which reflect how the websites and games operated by TRAVIAN GAMES are used , e.g. in-game user activities and in-game communication between users or communication within game-related services . This includes the monitoring of playing patterns and checks for possible manipulations of game operations which can then serve to detect any abusive or improper activities of users . TRAVIAN GAMES uses special programs to detect violations of the rules of the games , e.g. programs that can detect the use of unauthorized scripts . In order to do that it can store IP addresses , login data of the last fourteen days and any other data the browser transfers as header information . Furthermore , TRAVIAN GAMES employs individuals who are specifically trained to do this and who may be employees or freelancers working for TRAVIAN GAMES . TRAVIAN GAMES will also select suitable individuals from its ranks of players who have expressed an interest in performing such tasks voluntarily . The employees , freelancers and volunteers ( specifically trained personnel ) will have access to the same data as the special programs used by TRAVIAN GAMES to carry out their duties . The specifically trained employees will also be assigned to identify , detect and penalize any infringements against the current General Terms and Conditions and game rules , e.g. the illegal use of several game accounts or insults to other players . The specifically trained employees act exclusively in accordance with the stipulations and instructions of TRAVIAN GAMES and are tasked in particular with ensuring compliance with prevailing data protection regulations . In terms of processing personal data , TRAVIAN GAMES remains the liable party . If TRAVIAN GAMES ascertains that you are acting in breach of your contractual obligations , e.g. by using unauthorized scripts , TRAVIAN GAMES expressly reserves the right to merge your IP address with other data which TRAVIAN GAMES has stored on you to advise you of such infringement . TRAVIAN GAMES may then take further action against the respective user to restore normal game operations . e ) Internal research TRAVIAN GAMES also uses the information stored by you or about you for internal research regarding demography , user interest and user behavior . The use of this data is pseudononymized . You can object to this data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future . Please send your revocation to the email address indicated below . No other costs shall be incurred for a revocation apart from the costs of transmitting such revocation . f ) Payment processing You will have to supply additional information when making a payment and the type of data depends on the kind of payment method you have selected . TRAVIAN GAMES offers a range of anonymous payment methods . TRAVIAN GAMES will forward the data required to process the payment to the service providers responsible for collecting the payment . TRAVIAN GAMES will assign TG Payment GmbH in Munich ( Germany ) to provide such payment services . Collaboration with third parties also involves payment processing via external service providers ( PayPal , credit card companies , mobile network operators , etc. ) . These third parties are legally bound to manage your personal data in a confidential and secure manner in accordance with prevailing legislation and may only use your personal data to fulfill their contractual obligations . When you initiate a payment during the game , a cookie will be set that contains a randomly generated ID number . This cookie will be required to return you to the game once the payment process has been completed . TRAVIAN GAMES employs persons responsible for ensuring the correct implementation of the payment processing is adhered to and who can therefore access any information required to do so . Such employees act exclusively in accordance with the stipulations and instructions of TRAVIAN GAMES and are tasked in particular with ensuring compliance with prevailing data protection regulations . Such employees use anonymized payment data to detect and prevent any misuse of the payment processes . In the event of a violation , the payment process will be canceled . In addition , TRAVIAN GAMES reserves the right to use the available data to implement further measures and to potentially merge it with other personal data . TRAVIAN GAMES is entitled to provide data to third parties to whom receivables due to TRAVIAN GAMES from the user have been assigned or to third parties who are responsible for collecting payment to the extent required to fulfill the collection of the receivables or the collection of the charges . In certain cases TRAVIAN GAMES will forward your personal data to the following third parties : Payment providers ( see above ) IT service providers ( e.g. email providers , host providers ) Database services ( e.g. analysis of advertising campaigns ) Associated companies ( e.g. payment data to TG Payment GmbH ) State agencies ( e.g. investigating authorities ) Such third parties are legally bound to manage your personal data in a confidential and secure manner in accordance with prevailing legislation and can only access your personal data if such data is required to fulfill their contract , respectively there is a legal basis for such access . Moreover , TRAVIAN GAMES will only allow third parties to contact you for advertising purposes with your express , prior consent , in which case TRAVIAN GAMES will forward your email address to such third parties . a ) Cookies Cookies are small files that enable TRAVIAN GAMES to record certain information about your device , for example to identify you when you revisit a website or to generate statistics . Most cookies are automatically deleted when you close the browser or exit any websites or games operated by TRAVIAN GAMES . However , some cookies may be stored for a longer period . The above sections describe in more detail how TRAVIAN GAMES uses cookies . b ) Web beacons TRAVIAN GAMES uses web beacons ( aka clear GIFs or web bugs , etc. ) . A web beacon is a link placed on a website and which points to a small graphic image . When the website is then called up with the embedded link , the small graphic image will automatically be requested . TRAVIAN GAMES uses web beacons to optimize websites and advertising campaigns by counting or recording the number of visits to a particular website , if and when an email was opened , etc . The above sections describe in more detail how TRAVIAN GAMES uses web beacons . c ) Social plug-ins TRAVIAN GAMES uses social plug-ins on its websites and games such as Facebook 's Like button or Facebook Connect and Google 's Google +1 button . A shared feature of social plug-ins is that when you access a TRAVIAN GAMES website that uses a social plug-in , the same data will be forwarded to the social plug-in provider that would be forwarded if you accessed the provider 's website directly . So for example when you call up a provider website that has Facebook 's Like button embedded , Facebook will receive your IP address , the browser version and screen resolution and the operating system of the device you have used to access the site and the URL of the website containing the Like button . This applies even if you have used none of the services offered by such providers . If the plug-in has been provided by Facebook or Google , the abovementioned data will be transferred to the USA . Additional information will be forwarded if you are logged in to one of these services and/or are using the social plug-in while you are accessing the website . Please consult your relevant provider regarding what data will be forwarded in this event . d ) Google Analytics TRAVIAN GAMES uses the web analysis tool Google Analytics for its websites , games and game homepages . Google Analytics uses cookies to enable us to analyze your visit to the games and websites operated by TRAVIAN GAMES . To do this , Google Analytics collects data using page views , i.e. the technical features of the device used to visit the pages and your activities on the websites and in the games operated by TRAVIAN GAMES . Google Analytics then analyses this data in the scope of its contractual duties for TRAVIAN GAMES to compile reports to include information regarding from which URL the website or TRAVIAN GAMES game was accessed , from which approximate geographical location a website or TRAVIAN GAMES game was visited , how long the user stayed on the website or in the TRAVIAN GAMES game and an outline of the user 's activities during the visit . TRAVIAN GAMES has configured the Google Analytics tool such that the last octet of your IP address will be deleted before it is saved within Europe . You can disable the use of cookies in your browser settings , but bear in mind that this may also restrict the use of any TRAVIAN GAMES games or websites . Alternately , you can download and install the relevant plug-in for your browser via this link : ( https : //tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout ?hl=de ) and the Google Analytics JavaScript code will be instructed to send no information on your visits to TRAVIAN GAMES games and websites to Google Analytics . e ) Kontagent TRAVIAN GAMES uses the web analysis tool Kontagent for its games . For this , code fragments are used in the source code of the game or the mobile apps that are then activated when you carry out a particular action specified by TRAVIAN GAMES ( e.g. registration , activation , login , account deletion , purchase of Credits , etc. ) . Once activated , the following data will be sent to the Kontagent servers located in the USA : name of the game or website , country version of the game , a randomly generated and anonymized ID number for your account , an ID number defined for the specified action , description of the specified action , time stamp , browser session ID and IP address . If you access one of the TRAVIAN GAMES games via a mobile app , the following data will also be transferred : network status ( e.g. 3G , Wi-Fi ) , operating system ( without the version number ) and whether the device is a smartphone or tablet . Kontagent then analyzes this data in the scope of its contractual duties for TRAVIAN GAMES to compile reports to ascertain how a game or mobile app is used . In addition , Kontagent uses the transferred data in an anonymized and aggregated form to TRAVIAN GAMES and additional clients of Kontagent to make general statements regarding user behavior . Besides this use in an anonymized and aggregated form , Kontagent saves and uses the data transferred from TRAVIAN GAMES only in the scope of its contractual duties and as instructed by TRAVIAN GAMES . You can object to this data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future . Please send your revocation to the email address indicated below . No other costs shall be incurred for a revocation apart from the costs of transmitting such revocation . f ) Adeven TRAVIAN GAMES uses the external analysis and tracking tool Adeven in its games . In this process , code fragments are inserted into the source text of the mobile app and then activated when a particular action or event defined by TRAVIAN GAMES ( e.g. installing an app , performing a specific action , purchasing credits , etc. )  is carried out . Once these events are activated the following data is sent to the Adeven GmbH servers in Germany : game name , country version of the game , a randomly generated and anonymized ID number for your account , a defined ID number for the specific action , description of the action , time stamp , browser session ID , http header , MAC or IP address , network status ( e.g. 3G , Wi-Fi ) , OS type ( omitting the version number ) and if it is a smartphone or tablet . Adeven then analyzes this data in the scope of its contractual duties to TRAVIAN GAMES to compile reports for TRAVIAN GAMES to make general statements regarding user behavior . Adeven uses the data transferred from TRAVIAN GAMES only in the scope of its contractual duties and as instructed by TRAVIAN GAMES . You may object to this data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future . Please send your revocation to the email address indicated below . No other costs shall be incurred for a revocation apart from the costs of transmitting such revocation . You may revoke your consent at any time unless TRAVIAN GAMES is processing your personal data for contractual or legal purposes . If the revocation concerns the receipt of game information or any other emails , all game information or other emails sent to you include the option to unsubscribe from any further game information or emails . No other costs shall be incurred for a revocation apart from the costs of transmitting such revocation . You may amend your personal data at any time ( e.g. to update or correct such data ) or delete your personal data in its entirety . Please note that TRAVIAN GAMES will not be able to comply with your deletion request if such request conflicts with any obligations to preserve records or with any legitimate interests of TRAVIAN GAMES or third parties . If you would like TRAVIAN GAMES to amend your personal data or to cease using your data , please contact TRAVIAN GAMES at privacy @ traviangames.com . TRAVIAN GAMES will then make the requested changes or delete your data as quickly as possible . However , TRAVIAN GAMES must remind you that , for technical or organizational reasons , some measures may still be carried out after you have submitted your request for deletion had such measures already been initiated but not completed by that time . Upon request , TRAVIAN GAMES will inform you of all the personal data that is stored about you free of charge . This information will be sent to you in electronic form , generally via email . TRAVIAN GAMES reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time ; however TRAVIAN GAMES shall always observe the applicable data protection legislation . Should you have any general questions on this Privacy Policy and on data protection at TRAVIAN GAMES , please contact us at the addresses below . If possible , please contact us using the email address you submitted when you registered with the game . 
GameTrailers Next-Gen Videos Shows Reviews News Games GDex Forums Sign In Our Annual GameTrailers Game of the Year Awards Is Underway ! Click Here To Visit The Awards Page And Start Watching Now ! Xbox One 360 PS4 PS3 PC Wii U 3DS Vita Apps Facebook Twitter Tumblr YouTube Trending Pop Facts Final Fantasy : Secret Minigame GameTrailers Game of the Year ...  Game of the Year Nominee : Ni ...  VGX Most Anticipated Game - Nominees Neverwinter Nvidia Tech Trailer VGX Best PC Game - Nominees VGX Best PlayStation 3 Game - ...  Previous Next About GameTrailers Privacy Policy Last Modified : December 20 , 2013 PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS This is the privacy policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) for GameTrailers.com ( " Site , " " we , " " us , " or " our " ) , an Internet website owned by GameTrailers Corp . GameTrailers Corp. and the Site ( together , " GameTrailers " ) are provided by Viacom Media Networks ( " VMN " ) , a division of Viacom International Inc. ( together , VMN and Viacom International Inc. , the " Parent Companies " ) . This Privacy Policy is intended to explain our privacy practices and covers the following areas :  1 . When This Privacy Policy Applies . 2 . U.S. Governing Law ; Safe Harbor . 3 . Collection and Use of Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities ) . 4 . Opting-out of Certain Uses of your Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities ) . 5 . Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities . 6 . Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information and Other Information . 7 . Reviewing , Updating or Deleting Certain Information . 8 . Protection of Information . 9 . Your California Privacy Rights . 10 . Changes to this Privacy Policy and Notice . 11 . Miscellaneous . This Privacy Policy applies whether you are accessing the Site via a personal computer , a mobile device or any other technology or devices now known or hereafter developed or discovered ( each , a " Device " ) and whether you are accessing the Site as a registered user ( if offered by the Site ) or other user of the Site . This Privacy Policy governs only the Personal Information and Other Information ( as those terms are defined below ) collected by the Site and does not cover any such information collected in any other manner ( such as by GameTrailers Corp. not through the Site ) or by any other website offered by GameTrailers , the Parent Companies and/or any subsidiaries and affiliates of the Parent Companies ( collectively , " Affiliates " ) or collected by any other company , unless specifically stated . We may from time to time , combine Information ( as that term is defined below ) with other information we collect from other sources , such as information received from our Parent Companies , Affiliates , marketing companies or Advertisers and , if we do so , our use of the resulting combined Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy will remain in full force and effect , even if your use of or participation in the Site or any particular service , feature , function or promotional activity offered through the Site terminates , expires , ceases , is suspended or deactivated for any reason . If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy , please do not participate in the Site or any features , activities or services offered through the Site . The Site is designed and targeted to U.S. audiences and is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S . We make no representation that this Site is operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of , or governed by , other nations . By participating in our Site activities , you certify that you meet the age and other eligibility requirements for this Site as set forth in our Terms of Use Agreement . If you do not meet such age and other eligibility requirements , please discontinue using the Site immediately as your continued use of the Site indicates that you are agreeing to the collection , use , disclosure , management and storage of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy . If you are located in the European Economic Area ( " EEA " ) and Switzerland , for detailed information on our privacy policy and practices with respect to personal information transferred from the EEA and Switzerland , please see our Safe Harbor Privacy Policy located at http : //www.viacom.com/privacypolicy/Documents/VIACOM-610657-v1-Safe_Harbor_Policy.pdf . If you are located outside of the U.S. , the EEA and Switzerland , you use this Site at your own risk and initiative and you , not us , are responsible for compliance with any applicable local and national laws . [ Please be aware that any Personal Information and Other Information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of this Site will be collected in the U.S. and/or transferred to the U.S. and subject to U.S. law . By using this Site , participating in any Site activities and/or providing us with your Personal Information and Other Information , you ( i ) consent to the transfer and/or processing of any Information to and in the U.S. , ( ii ) acknowledge that U.S. law may provide a lower standard of protection for personal data than the laws of your location and ( iii ) understand that we will collect , transfer , store , process and/or deal with your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and U.S. law. ]  If this Site is part of the Flux platform , by using this Site , participating in any Site activities , and/or providing us with your Personal Information and Other Information , you ( i ) consent to the transfer and/or processing of any Information you provide to the Site and to Flux , ( ii ) acknowledge that U.S. law may provide a lower standard of protection for personal data than the laws of your location and ( iii ) understand that this Site and Flux will collect , transfer , store , process and/or deal with your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Flux Privacy Policy and U.S. law . Consequently , to the full extent permitted by law , you hereby waive any claims relating to the processing of your Personal Information or Other Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy that may arise under the laws and regulations that apply to you in or of any other country or jurisdiction . When we use the term " Personal Information " we mean information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you , such as your full name , postal address , e-mail address or telephone number . When we use the term " Other Information " , we mean any information other than Personal Information that may be collected about you ( Personal Information and Other Information , together , the " Information " ) . a . Information We Collect that You Provide Us . i . User Registration . To the extent we offer user registration on the Site , to register as a member of the Site , you are required to select a user name and password ( together , your " User ID " ) and may be required to also provide other Information , such as your email address and date of birth . Additional Information may be requested during the registration process ( but not required ) . ii . In Connection with Certain Features and Functions . We may also provide you with access to certain features or functions that we may offer on the Site , such as the option to subscribe to a selection of free email newsletters and other periodic information , chat rooms , message boards , electronic mail services , messaging services , auctions , shopping , registration and member profile pages . To sign up for or participate in these features or functions , you may be required to provide us with certain Information about you in order for us to personalize and/or allow you to use such features and functions . For example , to sign up to receive email newsletters , you may be required to provide your email address , date of birth and zip code separate from any user registration . Further , for example , to the extent we offer such services , if you order any of our various Products ( as defined in the Terms of Use Agreement ) , in addition to your name and contact information , we will also collect and may maintain your billing address , shipping address , Product selections , your credit card or other payment instrument information , your order number and information about your computer 's internet address and website which may have referred or directed you to the Site ( e.g. , the referring URL ) . Your credit card or debit card number is collected via a secure transmission . iii . In Connection with Promotions such as Contests and Sweepstakes . There may be a separate registration process to enter Promotions such as contests and sweepstakes which may require the submission of all or some of the following : your first and last name , street address , city , state and zip code , email address , telephone number and date of birth . Additional Information may be requested depending on the specific Promotion , but submission of such Information may be optional . The Promotion 's entry page and/or Rules will provide the specific requirements . You may also have the opportunity to opt-in to receive special Promotions or offers from our third party advertisers , sponsors or promotional partners ( " Advertisers " ) as a result of your use of the Site in connection with many of these types of Promotions . b . Information Collected Through Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies . " Cookies " ( which may be html files , Flash files or other technology ) are text files that help store user preferences and activity . " Web beacons " ( also known as image tags , gif or web bugs ) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data , such as counting page views , promotion views or advertising responses . The Site and/or third parties may use " cookies " , " web beacons " and other similar tracking technologies ( collectively , " Tracking Technologies " ) to collect Other Information automatically as you browse the Site and the web . We use Tracking Technologies to help tailor our content , allow users to move between associated sites without logging into each site , understand Site and internet usage , improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on this Site , personalize your experience on this Site ( for example , to recognize you by name when you return to the Site ) , understand your interactions with email messages ( such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ) , save your password in password-protected areas , save your online game or video player settings , enable you to use shopping carts on the Site , help us offer you products , programs or services that may be of interest to you , deliver relevant advertising , maintain and administer the Site and for other purposes described in the " Use of Information " , " Other Information Collected by Us " section below . These Tracking Technologies collect " click stream " data and additional Other Information regarding your visits to the Site ( such as your visits to the Site 's webpages , use of our features and purchasing history or preferences ) , may collect such Other Information across multiple sessions on this Site and other websites offered by the Parent Companies and/or Affiliates and may also collect your IP address or some other identifier unique to the Device you use to access the Site ( " Identifier " ) . An Identifier is automatically assigned to any Device you use to access the Site . Your Personal Information is not collected as part of this process but we may associate Other Information collected by Tracking Technologies with Personal Information . By visiting the Site , whether as a registered user or otherwise , you acknowledge , understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of the Site through these Tracking Technologies and that we may use Tracking Technologies in the emails we send to you . This Site may additionally use a variety of third party advertising networks , data exchanges , traffic measurement service providers , marketing analytics service providers and other third parties ( collectively , " Third Party Advertising Service Providers " ) to , for example , serve advertisements on the Site , facilitate targeting of advertisements and/or measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic on the Site ( " Targeting Services " ) . These Third Party Advertising Service Providers may enable us to display advertisements based on your visits to the Site and other websites you have visited . Targeting Services enable us to , among other things , help deliver advertisements or other content to you for products and services that you might be interested in , to prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you . The Third Party Advertising Service Providers , as well as Advertisers and other third parties , may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser ( or , for Flash cookies , if you have not removed them ) and/or they may otherwise collect or have access to Information about you and your online activities over time and across different websites when you use the Site . c . Use of Information . As set forth in this Privacy Policy , we may share Information with our Parent Companies and Affiliates . i . Personal Information . We , and/or our Parent Companies and Affiliates , use the Personal Information we collect from you in a variety of ways , including :  Sending marketing and promotional e-mails or , subject to the " Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities " Section below , text messages offering the purchase of goods and/or services that may be of interest to users , whether those goods and/or services are provided by the Site , the Parent Companies , Affiliates or third parties ( for example , we may send you an email about a product sold by a third party ) ; Processing your registration with the Site , such as verifying that your e-mail address is active and valid ; Contacting you regarding the administration of your account , any services , features or functions you have enrolled in or registered to use , any Promotions you have participated in or have entered , any goods and/or services or Products you have ordered or any other transactions you have undertaken with the Site ; Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Site ; Responding to your questions or other requests ; Contacting you regarding your use of the Site , for informational purposes related to the Site or , in our discretion , regarding changes to the Site 's policies ; Improving the Site or our services and for internal business purposes ; Tailoring your experience on the Site and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Site ; Saving your User ID or other Personal Information , so you do n't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site ; Otherwise to maintain and administer the Site and For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Personal Information . ii . Other Information Collected by Us . We , and/or our Parent Companies and Affiliates , use the Other Information we collect from you in a variety of ways , including :  Keeping count of your return visits to the Site or our Parent Companies ' , Affiliates ' , Advertisers ' or partners ' sites ; Accumulating and reporting aggregate , statistical information in connection with the Site and user activity ; Determining which features , webpages , products and services users like best to , among other things , help us operate the Site , enhance and improve our services and the Site and display advertising and marketing information ; Preparing statistics reports ; Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Site ; Improving the Site or our services and for internal business purposes ; Tailoring your experience on the Site and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Site ; Saving certain Other Information for use on your return visits to the Site ; Otherwise to maintain and administer the Site For the uses described for " Personal Information " above and For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Other Information . iii . Other Information Collected by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers . The use of Tracking Technologies by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers is within their control and not ours . Even if we have a relationship with the Third Party Advertising Service Provider or Advertiser , we do not control their websites or their policies and practices regarding your Information and you should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection , use or disclosure of your Information by third parties in connection with their advertisements or promotions and other sites you encounter on the Internet . This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of Information that a Third Party Advertising Service Provider or Advertiser may directly collect from you . Use of Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' and Advertisers ' Tracking Technologies is governed by the Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' or Advertisers ' , as applicable , own specific privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy . However , please see " Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Your Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities ) " Section for more information on how to opt-out of the collection and/or use of Information collected by certain Third Party Advertising Service Providers . a . Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal Information . i . In Connection with Marketing and Promotional E-mail and Offers . You may " opt-out " of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us at any time by using the Site 's preference management page associated with your User ID account to opt-out of receiving such emails or messages from the Site , the Parent Companies , Affiliates and/or third parties . You may also use the opt-out mechanism that is contained in each such email . Please note that when you opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us , you are not opting out of receiving newsletters from us that you have requested . Further , when you use the opt-out mechanism that is contained in an email , you are not opting out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from other VMN brands . Please see Section 4.a.ii below for your newsletter options . ii . In connection with Newsletters and other Editorial-based E-mails . To the extent the applicable Site offers newsletters or other editorial-based emails , to manage your newsletter preferences , you may click on the newsletter link provided in the footer of our website to select which newsletters you receive OR , follow the unsubscribe link in the applicable newsletter , or unsubscribe through http : //exodus.gametrailers.com/site/unsubscribe_email . Please note that when you opt-out of receiving any or all newsletters and other editorial-based e-mails from us , you are not opting out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us . Please see Section 4.a.i above for your marketing and promotional e-mail options . iii . In Connection with Wireless Marketing Services . See " Termination of Wireless Services by Users " under the " Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities " Section for more information on how you may unsubscribe from receiving text messages . iv . Certain Continuing Rights Regardless of Opt-Outs . However , even if you exercise your opt-out rights above , we , or our Parent Companies or Affiliates , may continue to contact you for the other purposes described in the " Use of Information " Section above , such as for maintenance and administrative purposes . b . Opting-Out of Use of Certain Other Information Collected by Tracking Technologies . i . Tracking Technologies Set By Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers . With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers , you have a number of options :  Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers may collect Other Information about you when you visit this Site to help identify products and services that may interest you and deliver advertising tailored to your interests . You can opt-out of the use of Other Information for these advertising purposes by two such Third Party Advertising Service Providers , Adobe AudienceManager ( formerly known as Demdex ) and DoubleClick/Google , by using those Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' opt-out tools . You can access Adobe Audience Manager/Demdex 's tool at http : //www.donottarget.com/ and DoubleClick 's tool at http : //www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/ads/ or as described in the next bullet point . We also may from time to time permit other Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers to collect Other Information on the Site . Some of these Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative 's Opt-Out Tool and/or the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising . Please click on the links to these tools to learn more about your choices . Please note the following with respect to opting out :  The opt-out tools discussed above are " cookie based. "  This means that the tools rely on cookies to remember your choices with respect to the use of your information by the parties that offer you those choices . If you delete Tracking Technologies using the controls in your Web browser ( a process described below ) after opting out , you may have to opt out again to re-establish your opt-out preferences . Opt-outs are " browser-specific. "  The opt-out preferences that you choose will apply only to the Web browser that you used when you selected these preferences . This means , for example , that if you opt-out while using Internet Explorer 9 , this choice will not affect the use of Other Information collected by Tracking Technologies when you use Mozilla Firefox on the same Device . It also means that opting-out on one Device will not affect the use of Other Information by Tracking Technologies on other Devices that you may use to access the Site . You also can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) on a particular Device by using the controls in your Web browser . To do so , you must :  Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the " Internet Options " sub-option of the " Tools " menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and Disable future Tracking Technologies through the same browser controls . Additional information on enabling or disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature . ( See the " help " section of your browser for more information. )  You can choose to have the Device you use to access the Site warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings . This is done through your browser on the Device you use to access the Site . Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature . Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies does not mean that you will no longer receive online ads . Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies only means that such ads will no longer be tailored to your specific viewing habits or interests , but you will continue to see ads on this Site . PLEASE NOTE THAT THE USE AND STORAGE OF FLASH COOKIES TYPICALLY CANNOT BE CONTROLLED THROUGH YOUR BROWSER . PLEASE SEE BELOW FOR INFORMATION ON HOW TO MANAGE FLASH COOKIES . ii . Tracking Technologies Set By the Site . With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by the Site , you have a number of options :  You can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) by using the controls in your Web browser . To do so , you must :  Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the " Internet Options " sub-option of the " Tools " menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and Disable future Tracking Technologies through the same browser controls . Additional information on enabling or disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature . ( See the " help " section of your browser for more information. )  You can choose to have the Device you use to access the Site warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings . This is done through your browser on the Device you use to access the Site . Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature . This Site is committed to complying with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising . Click here : http : //srp.viacom.com/sitefaq.html for more information about this Site and online behavioral advertising . Some Device manufacturers may preset their browsers to block Tracking Technologies from websites other than those you visit directly and , if so , certain services or advertisements may not work for such Devices . Further , if you delete , reject , disable or turn off Tracking Technologies , you may not have access to certain features of the Site and some of our other services may not function properly . iii . Flash Cookies . Please note that deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers and set by this Site through the above options will not remove Flash cookies . For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer , please visit http : //kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html . iv . Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms . Some web browsers may transmit " do-not-track " signals to the websites with which the browser communicates . Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature , it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted , or whether they even are aware of them . There currently is disagreement , including among participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization , concerning what , if anything , websites should do when they receive such signals . We currently do not take action in response to these signals , but , if and when a final standard is established and accepted , we may reassess how to respond to these signals . Instead , as described above , please see the link to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising program that we follow that offers you choice regarding Information collected for online behavioral advertising purposes and the browser cookie controls and other mechanisms described in Sections 4 ( b ) ( i ) , ( ii ) and ( iii ) . GameTrailers may provide users and viewers with the opportunity to register for special Promotions , services , news , programming and information delivered via text messaging and other wireless devices such as mobile phones and , in the event we do so , users are required to provide their consent to receive such information from GameTrailers , either by registering on the Site or via their wireless device . Such services and promotional opportunities are provided by the Parent Companies and/or Affiliates for GameTrailers . The Information requested as part of the online registration process may include a user 's telephone number or a wireless email address , but only if specifically requested , and the carrier 's name . Additional Information may be requested for specific Promotions , such as a user 's preferences regarding goods or services , choices of music or artists , or other similar survey information . Depending on the Promotion , we may also collect an Internet email address or other Information and , depending on the Information collected , the user may also be required to confirm his or her agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use Agreement . We caution that most wireless transmissions are not secured and there is a greater risk of an unknown third party 's interception of messages or a user 's Personal Information when using a wireless communications device . Users that register for GameTrailers ' wireless marketing services acknowledge , understand and agree that they will be charged by the user 's wireless carrier for all messages sent to the user from GameTrailers . Standard messaging rates will apply , unless noted otherwise . Under no circumstances will the Site , GameTrailers , its Parent Companies or Affiliates be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by a user or by a person that has access to a user 's wireless device , telephone number , or email address . a . Registration . To the extent we provide wireless marketing services , there are two registration methods provided for GameTrailers ' wireless marketing services . Standard rate Promotions will be subject to either the " single opt-in " or the " double-opt-in " ( Site/SMS ) method , at the discretion of GameTrailers depending on the type of Promotion . Premium rate services will require the " double opt-in " ( Site/SMS or SMS/SMS ) method . i . Single Opt-in Method : In response to print , radio , television , Internet , or other promotional messages , users will be directed to send a specific word or code via a text message to a designated telephone number to register for the service promoted . The user 's voluntary submission of the designated word or code to GameTrailers will mean that the user has freely and affirmatively granted permission to GameTrailers to send text messages to him or her . GameTrailers will thank the user for his or her registration by sending a " Thank you " message . The user may terminate the service at any time by using the unsubscribe command in any text message from GameTrailers or by sending a text message to GameTrailers that says " STOP " , " END " , " CANCEL " , " REMOVE " , " UNSUBSCRIBE " or " QUIT " . ii . Double Opt-in ( Site/SMS ) Method : In response to print , radio , television , Internet , or other promotional messages , users will be directed to this Site to start the registration process . The user must affirmatively consent to GameTrailers ' sending of wireless messages to his or her designated wireless device by submitting a telephone number ( or wireless email address , only if requested by GameTrailers ) and by clicking the consent statement on the Site 's registration page . The user must also agree to the Site 's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement before the online registration process is completed . GameTrailers will then send a " Confirmation " message to the user 's designated wireless device and will request that the user confirm that he or she has agreed to receive messages from GameTrailers to that particular telephone number ( or wireless domain name when appropriate ) . The user must respond to the " Confirmation " message with a text message that states " YES " or " Y " that will indicate the user 's acceptance of GameTrailers ' wireless marketing service . Until the user responds to the " Confirmation " message , the user is not registered for the specific wireless marketing service subject to the Promotion . A user may respond to the " Confirmation " message at any time provided that GameTrailers may choose to terminate offering wireless marketing service at any time and the user 's response to the " Confirmation " is only valid if the response is received while GameTrailers continues to offer the specific wireless marketing service . iii . Double Opt-in ( SMS/SMS ) Method : In response to print , radio , television , Internet , or other promotional messages , users will be directed to send a specific word or code via a text message to a designated telephone number to register for the service promoted . GameTrailers will then send a " Confirmation " message to the user 's designated wireless device and will request that the user confirm that he or she has agreed to receive messages from GameTrailers to that particular telephone number ( or wireless domain name when appropriate ) . The user must respond to the " Confirmation " message with a text message that states " YES " or " Y " that will indicate the user 's acceptance of GameTrailers ' wireless marketing service . Until the user responds to the " Confirmation " message , the user is not registered for the specific wireless marketing service subject to the Promotion . A user may respond to the " Confirmation " message at any time provided that GameTrailers may choose to terminate offering wireless marketing service at any time and the user 's response to the " Confirmation " is only valid if the response is received while GameTrailers continues to offer the specific wireless marketing service . b . Termination of Wireless Services by User . Regardless of which one of the above opt-in methods was used to register , users may revoke their consent to receive messages from GameTrailers by the following procedure :  A user may cancel one or more services via his or her wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by GameTrailers at the time the message is sent , or by sending a text message that says " STOP " , " END " , " CANCEL " , " REMOVE " , " UNSUBSCRIBE " or " QUIT " . GameTrailers will terminate the user 's registration for the most recent wireless service sent to the user . Any of these words followed by the word " ALL " in the user 's termination request will cancel all of the user 's registered wireless services with GameTrailers . If the user unsubscribes from one or all of GameTrailers service ( s ) via his or her wireless device , the service ( s ) will be terminated immediately and will cancel the user 's previous opt-in . c . Termination of Wireless Services by GameTrailers . A user understands , acknowledges and agrees that GameTrailers may , in its sole discretion and without liability to any user , terminate its offer of any specific wireless marketing service or all wireless marketing services at any time without advance notice . GameTrailers may provide notice of terminations or changes in services on this Site . d . Use of Information . GameTrailers will not use a wireless telephone number , wireless or conventional Internet email address , or other Information submitted for its wireless marketing services for any other purpose but to provide the service requested , unless we provide advance notice of any other use . We will not share any Personal Information with Advertisers or other third party marketers unless you opt-in to such disclosure . We will share Personal Information with the operational service providers that assist us in delivering these wireless services to you and with the Parent Companies and Affiliates . a . Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information . Generally , we do not sell , rent , lease or disclose your Personal Information to third parties , except if you consent to such disclosure or as described in this Privacy Policy . i . Disclosure to Parent Companies and Affiliates . We may disclose Personal Information to Parent Companies and Affiliates for marketing and/or administrative purposes . You can choose to opt-out of certain such uses as described in the " Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal Information " Section above . ii . Disclosure of Certain Information in Postings Intended to Be Disclosed . Certain Personal Information associated with a Posting may be intended for disclosure ( " Posting Information " ) , such as username . We will disclose Posting Information in connection with the display of , and other services relating to , such Posting . iii . Disclosure In Connection with Co-Branded Services and Features . The Site may also offer co-branded services and features , such as events and Promotions that we put together with another company or our Parent Companies or Affiliates ( " Co-Branded Partner " ) and that may be hosted on the Site and/or our Co-Branded Partner 's website . We may share your Personal Information with our Co-Branded Partner and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature means that you opt-in and give your affirmative consent to both the Site and our Co-Branded Partner to collect the Information provided in connection with the specific co-branded feature or service and to use such Information for the fulfillment of the feature or service and for marketing or administrative purposes . The Co-Branded Partner will be identified on the co-branded feature or service , along with the Co-Branded partner 's privacy policy . If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner 's future use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes , you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly and the use of such information by Co-Branded Partner is subject to Co-Branded Partner 's privacy policy . iv . Disclosure to Operational Service Providers . We also have the right to disclose your Personal Information and Other Information to third parties for the purpose of administering and maintaining the Site 's services , features , functions and operations . We will refer to these third parties as " operational service providers " . We use operational service providers to efficiently provide the full range of content , activities , services , features and functions we bring you and we disclose your Information to operational service providers for the purpose of providing services to us . v. Disclosure to Certain Other Third Parties . In addition to the above , we will make your Personal Information and Other Information available to certain third parties in the following limited circumstances : When we are compelled to do so by a governmental agency , court or other entity ( e.g. , to respond to subpoenas , court orders or legal process ) or if requested by a governmental agency or other authority as part of an investigation ; If we believe your actions violate any law , rule , regulation and/or the Terms of Use Agreement , including , without limitation , this Privacy Policy , Rules or Additional Terms ; In connection with Promotions , as necessary to administer the Promotion or as required by applicable laws , rules or regulations ( for example , to provide winners ' lists or make required filings as appropriate ) ; If you opt-in or otherwise agree to have your Personal Information shared with or otherwise disclosed to a third party for marketing purposes , in which case the third party 's use of your Information is subject to the third party 's own privacy policy ; If , in our sole discretion , we believe such disclosure to be necessary or appropriate : to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries ; to protect our business and assets or the rights , property or safety of the Site , GameTrailers Corp. , the Parent Companies , the Affiliates , or any of its or their operational service providers , licensors , suppliers , Advertisers , customers , users , or any other party ; to limit our legal liability ; to defend our interests ; to enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use Agreement and/or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations or requests by law enforcement agencies or governmental authorities and/or In the event of a bankruptcy , merger , acquisition , sale , transfer of control , joint venture or other business combination involving us , or our Parent Companies or Affiliates . b . Sharing and Disclosure of Other Information . We may share or otherwise disclose Other Information with third parties , but we do not disclose Personal Information to them except as described in this Privacy Policy . Generally , you may review , update or delete certain Information collected by the Site by , if you are a registered user of the Site and logged into the Site , by clicking " Profile " or your display name at the top of the Site and then selecting " Edit Profile. "  However , Personal Information that is necessary to check eligibility , such as date of birth or age , can not be deleted , but may be modified with sufficient verification of the correct information . We will allow you to change the password portion of your User ID , as well as certain other Information you have given us in order to keep your information current , but once you select a user name you will not be able to change that user name provided to us during registration and which is associated with your User ID . You may also exercise certain privacy settings options by , if you are a registered user of the Site and logged into the Site , clicking " Profile " or your display name at the top of the Site , selecting " Edit Profile " or " Manage Account " and selecting the " Privacy " tab . Certain Information collected for certain entries into Promotions are subject to corporate and regulatory recordkeeping requirements and will not be deleted upon the user 's request , unless the entrant is a child under the age of 13 years old . If the burden or expense of providing access to your Information is disproportionate to the risks to your privacy or if the legitimate rights of others would be violated , we may decide not to provide access to such Information . In such cases , we will provide to you an explanation of why access can not be provided and contact information for further inquiries . Children or Ineligible Teenagers . If we , or our Parent Companies or Affiliates , inadvertently send an email or text message to a person that does not meet the age and other eligibility requirements of the Site , such as a child ( a person under the age of 13 ) or others who do not meet the greater age requirements of certain features of this Site ( " Ineligible Teenagers " ) , the child ( or Ineligible Teenager ) or the child 's ( or Ineligible Teenager 's ) parent or legal guardian ( the " Parent " ) always has the right to unsubscribe ( opt-out ) from receiving future emails or text messages via the unsubscribe mechanism contained in the email or message . The same unsubscribe process is available to a parent or legal guardian of a minor ( a person under the age of 18 , or the age of majority in your state ) . In addition , Parents of children or Ineligible Teenagers who wish to terminate their child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's membership must use their child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's User ID to gain direct access to the account , and follow the procedures in the " Deactivation/Termination of Your Registration or Use " Section of the Terms of Use Agreement to terminate their child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's member ; alternatively , Parents may send an email to the Site 's Privacy Administrator and provide us with your child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's User ID and request to terminate your child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's account and registration . We will not allow direct access to a user 's account and Personal Information by any person without the user 's User ID . If a Parent does not have his or her child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's User ID , the Parent will be required to send an email to the Privacy Administrator that includes the Parent 's name , address , telephone and email address , in addition to the child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's name and email address as registered on the Site , plus the child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's date of birth . The Parent must also provide verifiable identification that they are the parent or legal guardian of the child or Ineligible Teenager . GameTrailers will send a confirming email to the Parent via the email address provided to verify that the Parent wishes to terminate his or her child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's account and registration . The Parent must then confirm by sending a reply email to the designated return address . GameTrailers will then terminate the child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's account but will notify the child or Ineligible Teenager of the termination request via email and will identify the name , address and email address of the person making the request . While no data transmission over the Internet is 100 % secure from intrusion , we maintain commercially reasonable physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your Information . However , regardless of our efforts and the Device you use to access the Site , it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications over an unsecured transmission . We conduct financial transactions via secured transmissions but may not always secure other parts of the Site . We also limit access to the Site by our own employees to those individuals who are authorized for the proper handling of such information and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes . We request that our operational service providers follow similar standards of security and confidentiality . Phishing . Phishing attacks attempt to steal consumers ' personal identity data and financial account credentials . " Phishers " use ' spoofed ' e-mails to lead consumers to counterfeit websites designed to trick recipients into divulging Information such as credit card numbers , account usernames , passwords and social security numbers . WE DO NOT SEND EMAILS ASKING YOU TO PROVIDE OR CONFIRM CREDIT CARD NUMBERS , SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS OR YOUR USERNAME OR PASSWORD ! If you receive such email communication , please forward it immediately to the Site 's Privacy Administrator at GameTrailers-feedback @ GameTrailers.com , and then immediately delete the fraudulent email from your computer . If you are a resident of the State of California , we provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options such as your right to opt-out ( which we may sometimes refer to as " unsubscribe " ) or opt-in for use of your Personal Information by third parties ( such as Advertisers ) for marketing purposes . Therefore , pursuant to the California Civil Code , we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Information for marketing purposes during the preceding year . If you are a California resident and wish to request information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices , please send a request by email to the Privacy Administrator at GameTrailers-feedback @ GameTrailers.com or by postal mail to Privacy Administrator New Spike Digital Entertainment LLC , 2600 Colorado Avenue , Santa Monica , California 90404 . All requests must be labeled " Your California Privacy Rights " on the email subject line or envelope or post card . For all requests , please clearly state that the request is related to " Your California Privacy Rights " , include your name , street address , city , state , zip code and e-mail address ( your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email ) and indicate your preference on how our response to your request should be sent ( email or postal mail ) . We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile . We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or do not have complete information . We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated Privacy Policy without advance notice to you . Such revisions shall be effective immediately upon posting . Notice of material changes will be posted on the Site 's homepage and/or will be provided by e-mailing you or notifying you upon login about these changes ; the form of such notice is at our discretion . However , we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement often for updates . a . Accuracy and Confidentiality . It is your responsibility to give us current , complete , truthful and accurate information , including Personal Information , and to keep such information up to date . We can not and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate , truthful or complete information or Personal Information or you fail to update such information or Personal Information . We will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false , fraudulent or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy . You are solely responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your User ID , if applicable , and for any charges , costs , expenses , damages , liabilities and losses we incur or may suffer as a result of your failure to do so . You , and not us , are solely responsible and liable for the activity , behavior , use and conduct on the Site under your User ID ( whether used by you or any others who use your User ID ) , unless and until you notify us that your User ID may have been compromised , misappropriated or improperly taken or used by another party . We reserve the right to deny access , use and registration privileges to any user , including without limitation , a registered user , of any services , features or functions of the Site if we believe there is a question about the identity of the person trying to access the user 's account or any services , features or functions . Further , if you use any of the Communities features and functions made available on or through the Site , please remember that any Information disclosed in these venues is automatically made public and please use caution when disclosing any Personal Information in the Communities , as you do not know who will access and use your Personal Information or for what purposes . GameTrailers is in no way responsible for the accuracy , use , or misuse of any information , including Personal Information , that you disclose or receive through these venues and you should assume that any disclosure you do make in these venues will be available publicly , even without your knowledge or authorization . b . Questions . If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or if you do not understand any information about how we collect , maintain , use or share your Personal Information or Other Information , you may contact us directly by sending an email to GameTrailersfeedback @ GameTrailers.com or please contact our Privacy Administrator at New Spike Digital Entertainment LLC , 2600 Colorado Avenue , Santa Monica , California 90404. , c/o Privacy Administrator . c . Sole Statement : This document is the sole statement of the Site 's Privacy Policy and no summary , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , including , but not limited to , machine-generated , is valid . d . Other : Please review our Terms of Use Agreement which governs your use of the Site . Any terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given in the Terms of Use Agreement . This Privacy Policy was last modified on the date indicated above and is effective immediately . Copyright 2011 Viacom Media Networks , a division of Viacom International Inc. - All Rights Reserved . Table of contents About Us Help & FAQ Feedback Site Map Terms & Conditions Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Advertise With Us Press RSS Feeds GT Score Explained Spike digital entertainment GameTrailers Podcasts RSS Feeds GT on Tumblr Site Map About Us Help & FAQs Terms & Conditions Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Advertise Press Closed Captioning Contact Ad Choices Top Games Grand Theft Auto V Assassin 's Creed IV : Black Flag Call Of Duty : Ghosts Battlefield 4 Watch Dogs Metal Gear Solid V : The Phantom Pain Killzone : Shadow Fall Batman : Arkham Origins Pokemon X & Y Events E3 2013 GDC 2013 Game of the Year Awards 2012 VGA 10 GT Film Fest 2012 Zombie Week 2012 TGS 2013 PAX Prime 2013 gamescom 2013 Comic-Con 2013 Partners Cheat Codes Funny Videos Amazing Videos Tosh Political Humor Tribes Partners The Comedy Awards Betty White Hot in Cleveland Games CheatMasters Viacom Media Networks Viacom Entertainment Group Copyright GameTrailers.com , all rights reserved . 
Privacy Policy 1.1 King makes great games that offer fun , bitesize entertainment experiences for everyone to enjoy . We at King respect the privacy of everyone who uses our games , website ( s ) and all related services which we may provide to you from time to time ( Services ) . In this document we refer to King.com Limited as King us , we or our and we refer to you as you and your . 1.2 This document , the " Privacy Policy " , explains how we collect , process and store any personal data belonging to you , meaning information about you which is personally identifiable such as your name , address , telephone number or email address . Such information is referred to throughout this policy as " Personal Information " or data . 1.3 By accessing and/or using our Services you consent to us collecting , processing , storing and sharing your Personal Information in the ways set out in this Privacy Policy . If you have any concerns about providing data to us or having it used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy you should not use our Services . As set out in the terms and conditions relating to our Services , you must be at least 13 years old to access and use our Services . 2.1 We are a company called King.com Limited . We are registered in Malta , with registered number C42504 . Our registered office is 125/14 The Strand , Gzira 1027 Malta . 3.1 We may collect and process the following data about you : information that you provide us with when you fill in forms when using our Services , or when you create an account with us ; details of your use of our Services and the resources that you access ( for example , information about how and when you play our games or visit our website ( s ) , or what device you use to access our Services ) ; if you contact us or respond to messages and communications that we send to you , we may keep a record of that correspondence ; your interactions with us on our social media channels ; and information we collect via cookies , as explained further below . 4.1 We use cookies and other similar technologies . Cookies are small files which store some information on your computer or mobile device . 4.2 We use cookies and similar technologies : to allow us to recognise you and your device , for example by identifying your IP address ; to allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform ( where you have chosen to allow such interaction ) ; to allow our payment processors to process your payment instructions ; to provide you with more customized Services , for example to provide our Services in the correct language ; to obtain data which will allow us to understand how people are using our Services so that we can improve them . 4.3 By accessing our website ( s ) or using our Services you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with this Privacy Policy . You can disable cookies through your web or phone browser settings but you may find you are not able to enjoy all the features of our Services if you do so . 5.1 When you purchase Services on our website ( s ) , we may collect certain payment information from you on behalf of our payment service providers , but this information is temporarily cached in a way that is unreadable by King . When you purchase items via our apps ( such as those you can purchase in the App Store , via Amazon Kindle or on Google Play ) we do not collect or store any payment information from you . 6.1 You agree that we ( or a supplier or group company acting on our behalf and only under our instructions ) may use your Personal Information for the purposes of : contacting you , for example as part of customer service or to send you updates about our Services ; managing your account and relationship with us and improving your experience when you use our Services ; research , surveying , and engaging with you , for example by sending you communications ( including by email ) for these purposes ; marketing and promotion of our Services or related products , for example sending you communications ( including by email ) for these purposes on our , or a third party 's behalf . For example , we might send you information about merchandise relating to our Services If you do not want us to use your data in this way please let us know by contacting us at privacy @ support.king.com ; to create reports , analysis or similar services for use by us for the purposes of research or business intelligence , for example to track potential problems or trends with our Services ; preventing cheating , crime or fraud . We may also need to pass your information to fraud prevention agencies and other organisations involved in crime and fraud prevention ; and as otherwise expressly set out in this Privacy Policy or as required by law . 7.1 We will only share your data with third parties ( for example , our group companies or suppliers ) : with your consent ( including as set out in this Privacy Policy ) ; as reasonably necessary in order to provide the Services to you ( for example , by providing your Personal Information to suppliers we may use to fulfil the Services or to communicate with you ) ; where it is necessary to carry out your instructions ( for example , to process a payment instruction we must provide your Personal Information to our payment processors ) ; where your data is on an anonymous and aggregated basis , meaning you could not be personally identified from it ; when you submit information as part of a competition or otherwise interact with our social media channels ( for example , by providing a testimonial about one of our Services ) we may publish the information you submitted , alongside your name and home country on our website and social media channels ; as we reasonably believe is permitted by law or regulation ; in order to comply with any legal obligation , or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and/or any other agreement with you ; or to protect the rights , property , or safety of King , our users , or others ; in the event that there is a sale of the assets of King or corporate restructuring , or as a result of a change of control of King or one of its group companies , or in preparation of any of these events . Any third party to which King transfers of sells King 's assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy . We will not sell or rent your information to any third party outside of these circumstances . 8.1 You may allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform , which will provide data about you to us . These applications or websites are created and maintained by a third party which is not a part of , or controlled by King . You should ensure that you read their terms of service and privacy policies to understand how they treat your data and what data they might share with us . 8.2 You understand that where you allow your account with us to interact with any third party social network or platform , we may share data about you with your contacts ( and vice versa ) in order that you may enjoy playing socially . This data includes your name , your social media profile picture and your scores and/or progress in our games . 8.3 You can make changes to what data a third party social network or platform shares with us , or stop our Services interacting with that social network or platform by adjusting your settings with that third party provider , however you may find you are not able to enjoy all of the same features of our Services . 9.1 We will retain your Personal Information for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected or as needed to provide you with Services . We may retain your Personal Information after you have closed any account you have with us or after we have ceased providing Services to you if retention of your Personal Information is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations , meet regulatory requirements , resolve disputes between members , prevent fraud , cheating or abuse , or enforce this Privacy Policy or any other agreement we may have with a user . 10.1 Your Personal Information may be transferred to , and stored at , a destination outside the European Economic Area ( " EEA " ) . It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers . We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy . 11.1 The security of your Personal Information is important to us . We maintain appropriate technical and physical safeguards to protect your Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction or loss , alteration , unauthorised disclosure or access , use and all other unlawful forms of processing of the data in our possession . We use the same level of skill in protecting your Personal Information as other similar games developers . However , since the internet is not a completely secure environment we can not guarantee that information you transmit via our Games will not be accessed , disclosed , altered or destroyed by breach of any of our safeguards . 12.1 We may provide links to third party websites from our Services . You understand that when you click on these links any data which you provide thereafter is subject to such third party 's privacy policy and not to ours . Although we will endeavour only to link to reputable websites , King takes no responsibility for the content , safety or security of any third party website . 13.1 You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you . If you would like a copy of some or all of your Personal Information , please contact us at privacy @ support.king.com - we may make a small charge for this . 13.2 We want to make sure that your Personal Information is accurate and up to date . You may ask us to modify , correct or remove information by contacting us at the email address above . 13.3 Information that you have shared via our Services on any social network or third party platform can not be amended or deleted by us where it is in the control of that social network or third party platform . In addition , where any third party copies information which you have made available via the use of our Services ( for example , one of your friends on a social network you allow to interact with your account ) , we may not be able to amend or delete it because it may not be in our control . 13.4 You have the right to ask us not to use your Personal Information for marketing purposes . To change your marketing preferences , or to unsubscribe , please contact us at privacy @ support.king.com 14.1 To find out more about how your Personal Information will be used please contact us by email at the address above . 15.1 We hope that you wo n't have any complaints about us or our Services . If you are unhappy with our use of your Personal Information then please contact our customer services department by emailing privacy @ support.king.com You also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority if there is a problem . 16.1 If any court or other competent authority finds any of the terms of this Privacy Policy to be invalid or unenforceable , the other terms of this Privacy Policy will not be affected . 16.2 This Privacy Policy is governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England . Any dispute arising in connection with this Privacy Policy will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England unless you choose the courts of your home country . 16.3 We are constantly innovating and looking for new ways to improve our Services and our games . We may therefore amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect such improvements or any other changes to our business . We will endeavour to tell you about any significant changes to this Privacy Policy which we feel may disadvantage you in any material way . If you object to any of the changes you should immediately stop using our Services and close any account you may have with us . 16.4 This Privacy Policy was last updated on 18 October 2013 . 
Register Log in Home Games Blog Music Forum Shop SQUARE ENIX AMERICA PRIVACY POLICY Effective Date : October 1 , 2012 OVERVIEW Square Enix respects the privacy of our users and takes steps to protect your personal information . This Square Enix America Privacy Policy ( " SEA Privacy Policy " ) explains how your information is used and collected . Here is a quick summary of key points : We ask you for , and use technology to detect , information about you . Some of this information is shared with others , including advertisers . In addition , third parties , including advertisers and advertising services providers , may collect or be given information about you . Here is some further detail :  We use technology to collect ingame behavior to improve game performance and backup ingame purchases should they need to be restored or accessed on another device . To provide relevant advertising , possibly including location-based advertising , we may share nonPersonal Information ( such as the location of your Device ) with third parties . We track media performance , which requires non-personal behavioral data be collected by third parties before the application or services is downloaded or used . Although we may ask for Personal Information , we will not share such information , such as name and email address , with third parties , unless disclosed herein or you consent . You may be served with targeted advertising , including location-based advertising . By downloading or accessing one of our applications or services , you consent to the practices described in our SEA Privacy Policy . If you wish to end your consent , uninstall mobile Services and discontinue accessing other Services . Click here for an index of topics covered in our SEA Privacy Policy ; click on any topic for more details . To print or receive a copy of the policies click here : SEA Privacy Policy , Terms of Service . Introduction This SEA Privacy Policy only applies to any website , software or online application ( " Services " ) that is owned and/or operated by Square Enix , Inc. from the United States ( " Company " or " we , " " our " or " us " ) . This SEA Privacy Policy governs the use of our Services , and also applies to all interactive elements accessed through our applications or services that we own or operate and make available ( collectively , the " Services " ) , regardless of how you access or use them . Our SEA Privacy Policy covers only information collected through the Services directly by us , and does not apply to information collected by third parties that may interact with our Services , or to our data collection activities outside of our Services ( e.g. , through websites that support specific products , which may have different privacy policies ) . For information collected by third parties or outside of our Services , separate and additional terms shall cover such data collection , storage , sharing and use . This certification seal shown on this page confirms that SEA is a member in good standing of ESRB 's Privacy Program . ESRB 's Privacy Program is designed to ensure that our information disclosure practices are responsible and appropriate . To protect your privacy , we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and all of our Services have been reviewed and certified by ESRB to meet established information collection and use practices . As part of this privacy program , ESRB independently monitors our Services , and administers other enforcement and accountability mechanisms . For your California Privacy Rights and European Privacy Rights click on these links . In addition , please review the Square Enix Terms of Service , which governs your use of the Services . By using our Services , you consent to our SEA Privacy Policy and Terms of Service and our collection , storage , sharing and use of your information and data , and other activities , as described . If you wish to end your consent going forward , do not access the Services , and in the case of mobile applications , uninstall the mobile Services immediately . Table of Contents It is important that you read and understand the entire SEA Privacy Policy before using the Services . However , this table of contents highlights key points . You must click on the headings for a more detailed explanation . To print or receive a copy of the policies click here : SEA Privacy Policy , Terms of Service . What Information Do the Services Collect ? Information You Choose to Provide to Us You may give us Personal Information and other information when you register or contact us . Information We Collect as You Access and Use the Services Tracking Technologies collect Usage Information based on your Device Identifier . This helps do things like deliver preferred content , track game play advancement , and send you relevant ads . A link to certain privacy policies and optout options of some thirdparty Tracking Technologies may be included . However , we may condition your use of these Services upon your not optingout of such thirdparty Tracking Technologies . Information Third Parties Provide about You If you interact with thirdparty sites ( such as using Facebook to log in ) , those sites may send us information about you or we may send them information about you . Information and Interacting with ThirdParty Locations You should review the applicable thirdparty privacy policies before using thirdparty tools on our Services , and we are not responsible for these parties ' practices . These include login and social communications tools . Information You Provide about a Third Party You may give us information about others , such as when you send a friend a message . We will not use their Personal Information to separately market to them unless they consent . How Do We Use the Information We Collect ? Use of Information by Us We may use your Personal Information , Demographic Information and Usage Information for a variety of purposes . Square Enix Members Account We may update your existing Square Enix Members account , or create one for you , with information collected via the Services . How and When Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties ? We provide your information to third parties under various circumstances . These include :  When You Agree to Receive Information from Third Parties Third Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf Administrative and Legal Reasons Business Transfer Cobranded Areas Your California Privacy Rights Your European Privacy Rights What about Information I Disclose Publicly ? User Generated Content and Public Information Posting content in public areas makes it available to others . Name and Likeness You grant us the right to use your name , likeness and/or usernames in connection with your posting and activities . Do ThirdParty Content and Links to Third Party Services Appear on the Services ? We are not responsible for thirdparty websites or your interaction with thirdparty content . Do ThirdParty Applications Appear on the Services ? We are not responsible for your interaction with thirdparty applications . What About Third-Party Ads Served on the Services ? We and third parties may send you targeted or untargeted ads based on your location and behavior . If you object , uninstall and/or do not use our Services that contain advertising . How Do I Change My Information and Communications Preferences ? You may change certain account information and preferences . What about Transfer of Information to the United States ? Data is transferred to the United States . What Should Parents Know about Children ? All of our Services are targeted towards users 13 years old and up . We do not intend to collect Personal Information from children under 13 years old . If you think we have accidently collected Personal Information from a child under 13 years old , please let us know . What about Security ? No data security is absolute , but we take reasonable steps to secure data appropriately . What if I have a Question or Complaint ? Contact us here . What About Changes to the SEA Privacy Policy ? We may change this SEA Privacy Policy as explained here . The Full Privacy Policy Information You Choose to Provide to Us On the Services ( or via websites or apps related to the Services ) , we may ask you to provide us with certain categories of information such as : ( 1 ) personally identifiable information , which is information that identifies you personally , such as your first and last name , email address , and address/location ( " Personal Information " ) ; and ( 2 ) demographic information , such as information about gender , age , marital status , education level , and occupation ( " Demographic Information " ) . We may collect this information through various forms and in various places on the Services , including account registration forms and " contactus " forms . If we combine Demographic Information with the Personal Information we collect directly from you on the Services , we will treat the combined data as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy . Information We Collect as You Access and Use the Services We and our thirdparty service providers may use a variety of technologies that passively collect certain nonpersonal information whenever you use the Services ( " Usage Information " ) via a device or browser used to interact with our Services ( any , a " Device " ) . This Usage Information may include the type or browser and/or platform that you are using , the location that referred you to our Services , the areas within our Services that you visit and your activities there , your Device location , your Device characteristics and certain Device data , and the time of day you access our Services , among other information . We may use Usage Information for a variety of purposes , including assessing , enhancing or otherwise improving our Services or our activities in connection with them . In addition , we may collect your IP address or other unique identifier , or assign one to your Device ( each a " Device Identifier " ) , so that our computers can identify the Device . We may access and use Device Identifiers that have already been associated with your Device , and may modify such identifiers to create a new identifier or associate a wholly new identifier with you or your Device . Usage Information may be nonidentifying or may be associated with you . Neither Usage Information nor a Device Identifier is treated by us as Personal Information unless we combine it with Personal Information , in which case we will treat such combined data as Personal Information under this SEA Privacy Policy . Some of our Services may collect and transmit precise , realtime information about the location of your Device . For mobile games , you are made aware of this at the time you first open the Services with this functionality . Unless it is needed for operation or monetization of the Services , the Services may give you the option to turn location tracking on or off or otherwise manage location services . You can always terminate our location tracking by uninstalling the Services . We may use various now , and later , developed technologies to collect Device Identifiers , Usage Information and Demographic Information about you ( " Tracking Technologies " ) . A few of the methods that may be used to collect such data include , without limitation , the following ( and subsequent technology and methods later developed ) :  Cookies . A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Services ( " Cookies " ) . Cookies may be used for many purposes described in our SEA Cookie Policy , including , without limitation , remembering you and your preferences and tracking your visits to and activities on the Services . Some features of the Services may not function properly if you choose to disable Cookies , and some types of Flash and HTML5 Cookies may not be disabled using browsers . In some instances , especially with respect to mobile , we may require you to uninstall / not use the Services rather than have a poor experience from disabling Cookies . Embedded Scripts . An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Services , such as the links you click on . The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a thirdparty service provider , is active only while you are connected to the Services , and is deactivated or deleted thereafter . Web Beacons . Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons ( also known as " 1x1 GIFs " or " clear GIFs " ) may be included in our Services ' pages and messages . Web beacons may be invisible to you , but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a page or email can act as a web beacon . Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes , including , without limitation , to count visitors to the Services , to monitor how users navigate the Services , to count how many emails that were sent were actually opened , or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed . ETag , or entity tag . A feature of the cache in browsers , an ETag is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL . If the resource content at that URL ever changes , a new and different ETag is assigned . Used in this manner , ETags are a form of Device Identifier . ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP , Flash , and HTML5 cookies . Third parties may use Tracking Technologies with our Services . We may not control those third-party Tracking Technologies and in such event , we are not responsible for them . However , you consent to potentially encountering third-party Tracking Technologies in connection with the use of our Services , and accept that our representations under this SEA Privacy Policy do not apply to the Tracking Technologies or practices of such third parties . This applies even if they share the collected data with us , except that if we combine that data with Personal Information we have collected on the Services , we will treat it as Personal Information under this SEA Privacy Policy . For more information on advertising and related Tracking Technologies , click here Certain third parties that associate Tracking Devices with our Services have given us notice of their privacy policies , some of which include the ability to exercise certain opt-out elections and other choices . A list of these is available here . Please note that optingout may require you to uninstall or otherwise stop using the Services . We do not represent the completeness or accuracy of the information they provide or their compliance with their representations . Information Third Parties Provide About You We may , from time to time , supplement the information we collect directly from you on our Services with outside records from third parties for various purposes , including to enhance our ability to serve you , to tailor content and ads to you , and to offer you opportunities that may be of interest to you . To the extent we combine such information we receive from those sources with your Personal Information we collect on the Services , it will be treated as Personal Information and we will apply this SEA Privacy Policy to such combined information , unless we have disclosed otherwise . In no other circumstances do our representations under this SEA Privacy Policy apply to information we receive about you from third parties , even if they have used our technology to collect it and share it with us . Information from and Interacting with Third-Party Locations The Services may include functionality that allows certain kinds of interactions between the Services and your account on a thirdparty web site or application . Here are two examples :  Login . We may provide an option to use your Facebook , Google or other account provided by a thirdparty site or application to facilitate the registration and login or transaction process on the Services . If you choose to use such options to access our Services , the thirdparty site or application may send Personal Information about you to the Services . If so , we will then treat it as Personal Information under this SEA Privacy Policy . Social Communication . You can also engage with our content on or through thirdparty social networking sites , such as Facebook and Twitter ( or thirdparty social media plugins and applications ) . When you engage with our content on or through thirdparty social networking sites , plugins and applications , you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , email address , photo , gender , birthday , location , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the ' likes ' you make ) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application . When you provide information from your social media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our websites ( and/or applications ) , and ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news , special offerings , and rewards . By doing so , you consent to the use of the information you provided in accordance with this SEA Privacy Policy . However , please be aware that we may not control or have access to your communications through these third parties , these third parties may retain any information used or provided in any such communications or activities , and these third parties are not subject to this SEA Privacy Policy . You should review the applicable third party privacy policies before using such third party tools on our Services , and we are not responsible for these third parties ' practices . For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information , please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use : Click Here Information You Provide About a Third Party You may send someone else a communication from the Services , such as sending an invitation or message to a friend . If so , the information you provide about them ( names , email addresses , etc. )  is used to facilitate the communication and is not used by us for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise . Please be aware that when you use any " sendtoafriend " functionality on our Services , your Personal Information may be included in the communication sent to your addressee ( s ) . Some of these tools may be thirdparty tools subject to thirdparty privacy policies , as further detailed in Section 1 ( d ) above . Use of Information by Us We may use your Personal Information , Demographic Information or Usage Information that is subject to this SEA Privacy Policy : ( 1 ) to provide you with information or services or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive , including electronic newsletters , special offers , or promotional materials on behalf of us or third parties ; ( 2 ) to enable you to participate in a variety of the Services ' features ; ( 3 ) to process your registration with the Services , including verifying your information is active and valid ; ( 4 ) to create a Square Enix Members Account to provide you access to the Square Enix Members Service ; ( 5 ) to improve the Services , to customize your experience on the Services , or to serve you specific content that is relevant to you , including targeted advertising ; ( 5 ) to contact you with regard to your use of the Services and , in our discretion , changes to the Services and/or Services ' policies ; ( 6 ) for internal business purposes ; and ( 7 ) for purposes otherwise disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this SEA Privacy Policy . Square Enix Members Account Upon your installation of the Services and acceptance of this SEA Privacy Policy and the SEA Terms of Service , information collected via the Services may be used to create a new , or update your existing , Square Enix Members Account , which is also subject to this SEA Privacy Policy . The Square Enix Members website and services are maintained by our strategic partner ONEsite , Inc. , under which their Terms of Service and Privacy Policy may be applicable : http : //www.onesite.com/legal/privacy-policy . Please note that information submitted to the Services via a " contact us " or other similar function will not be used to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your inquiry unless you agree otherwise . We may share nonPersonal Information , such as aggregated user statistics , with third parties . We may share your Device Identifiers with third parties along with data related to you and your activities . We do not share your Personal Information that we have collected directly from you with third parties for those third parties ' marketing purposes unless you consent to such sharing , which may be sought and obtained as part of the installation or registration process for some of our Services or at the time you provide your Personal Information . We and/or third parties may collect , and share with others , your Device Identifiers and Usage Information in connection with advertising as more fully explained in Section 7 . In addition , we may share the information we have collected about you , including Personal Information , as disclosed at the time you provide your information or as described in this SEA Privacy Policy . When You Agree To Receive Information From Third Parties You may be presented with an option on our Services to receive certain information and/or marketing offers directly from third parties . If you choose to do so , your Personal Information will be disclosed to such third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to the thirdparty privacy policies and practices of such third parties . We are not responsible for such thirdparty privacy policies and practices of such third parties and , therefore , you should review such thirdparty privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to agreeing to receive such information from them . If you later decide that you no longer want to receive communications from one of these third parties , you will need to contact that third party directly . Third Parties Providing Administrative Services on Our Behalf We may use thirdparty vendors to perform certain services on behalf of us or the Services , such as hosting the Services , developing , designing and/or operating the Services ' features , tracking the Services ' activities and analytics , and enabling us to send you special offers or perform other administrative services . These vendors may be granted access to user information , including Device Identifiers and Personal Information , to carry out the services they are performing for you or for us . Thirdparty analytics service providers may set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you , potentially including Personal Information , about you . We are not responsible for those thirdparty technologies or activities arising out of them and our representations under this SEA Privacy Policy do not apply to them . Administrative and Legal Reasons We may access , use , preserve , transfer and disclose your information ( including Device Identifiers and Personal Information ) , to third parties : ( i ) to satisfy any applicable law , regulation , subpoenas , governmental requests or legal process , if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law ; ( ii ) to protect and/or defend the Services ' Terms of Service or other policies applicable to the Services , including investigation of potential violations thereof ; ( iii ) to protect the safety , rights , property or security of the Services , our staff , or any third party ; and/or ( iv ) to detect , prevent or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues . Further , we may use IP addresses or other Device Identifiers to identify users , and may do so in cooperation with third parties such as copyright and trademark owners , internet service providers , wireless service providers and/or law enforcement agencies , including disclosing such information to such third parties , all in our discretion , subject to applicable law . Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you . Business Transfer We may share your information , including your Device Identifiers and Personal Information , Demographic Information and Usage Information with our parent , subsidiaries and affiliates outside of the United States . We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such information : ( i ) to a subsequent owner , coowner or operator of the Services or applicable database ; or ( ii ) in connection with a merger , consolidation , restructuring , the sale of substantially all of our interests and/or assets or other corporate change , including during the course of any related due diligence process . CoBranded Areas Certain areas of the Services may be provided to you in association with third parties ( " CoBranded Areas " ) such as licensors , sponsors or charities and may require you to disclose Personal Information to them . Such CoBranded Areas will identify the third party and indicate if they have a privacy policy that applies to their collection and use of you information . If you elect to register for their products and/or services , communicate with such third parties or download their content or applications , at CoBranded Areas , you may be providing your information to both us and the third party . Further , if you signin to a CoBranded Area with a username and password obtained on the Services , your Personal Information may be disclosed to the identified third parties for that CoBranded Area . We are not responsible for such third party 's data collection or practices and you should look to such thirdparty privacy policies for more information . Your California Privacy Rights California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents who have supplied " personal information , " as defined in the statute , to the Services to ( under certain circumstances ) request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure , if any , of certain information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . We comply with this law by having you consent to this SEA Privacy Policy before we collect any of your personal information . Your European Privacy Rights If you are a resident of Europe and would like to ask us not to process your personal data ( or not to provide it to third parties to process ) for marketing purposes , please stop using the Service , or in the case of a mobile game Service , uninstall the Service . User Generated Content and Public Information The Services may permit you to submit text , dialogue , ideas , photographs , user profiles , writings , music , video , audio recordings , computer graphics , pictures , data , questions , comments , suggestions , content created using an ingame tool , or other content , including Personal Information ( collectively , " User Content " ) on blogs , message boards , through gameplay or other channels . We or others may store , display , reproduce , publish , distribute or otherwise use User Content online or offline in any media or format ( currently existing or later developed ) and may or may not attribute it to you . Others may have access to this User Content and may have the ability to share it with third parties . Please think carefully before deciding what information you share , including Personal Information , in connection with your User Content . Please note that Company does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public , and can not ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure . Our representations under this SEA Privacy Policy do not apply to any information that you disclose publicly , share with others or otherwise upload onto the publicly accessible locations in our Services . We are not responsible for the accuracy , use or misuse of any User Content that you disclose or receive from third parties through the Services . Name and Likeness We may also publish your name , voice , likeness and other Personal Information that is part of your User Content , and we may use the content , or any portion of the content , for advertising , marketing , publicity and promotional activities . For full terms and conditions regarding User Content you submit to the Services , please review our SEA Terms of Service . The Services may contain content that is supplied by a third party , and those third parties may collect Usage Information and your Device Identifier when web pages from the Services are served to you . In addition , when you are on the Services , you may be directed to other sites that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control , which may collect Personal Information . We are not responsible for the data collection and privacy practices employed by any of these third parties or their sites . For example , if you " click " on a link , the " click " may take you off the Services onto a different site . These other sites may associate their Tracking Technologies with you , independently collect data about you , including Personal Information , and may or may not have their own published privacy policies . We encourage you to note when you leave our Services and to review the thirdparty privacy policies of all thirdparty locations and exercise caution in connection with them . Thirdparty applications may be available via the Services ( such as ingame advertising for other applications that can be accessed by you ) . The owners of these applications ( " ThirdParty Owners " ) may collect Personal Information and other data from you and may have their own policies and practices . We are not responsible for how ThirdParty Owners or their applications collect or use your information . These ThirdParty Owners may have their own terms of service , privacy policies or other policies and ask you to agree to the same . We are not responsible for these thirdparty privacy policies or the practices of ThirdParty Owners . Be sure to review any available policies before submitting any personally identifiable information to a thirdparty application or otherwise interacting with it and exercise caution in connection with these applications . The Services may use third parties such as network advertisers and ad exchanges to serve targeted advertisements on the Services based on your behavior on and off of our Services , and may use thirdparty analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us and/or third parties with information about the use of the Services and viewing of ads and of our content . By installing and using our Services , you consent to these practices , including the sharing of data about you with these third parties and their own collection of such data as discussed further below . If you object , uninstall / do not use our Services . Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements , which may be based on your visits to the Services and other locations you have visited . Thirdparty ad serving enables us and others to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested . The Services ' thirdparty ad network providers , the advertisers , the sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own Cookies and other Tracking Technologies on your Device and track certain behavioral information regarding users of your Device via a Device Identifier . These thirdparty Tracking Technologies may be set to , among other things : ( a ) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in ; ( b ) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times ; and ( c ) understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements that have been delivered to you . You acknowledge and agree that associated technology may access and use your Device and may set or change settings on your Device in connection with the associated operations . Note that any images ( or any other parts of content ) served by third parties in association with thirdparty ads or other content may serve as web beacons , which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities . Thirdparty Cookies ( including flash cookies ) and other Tracking Technologies are governed by each thirdparty 's specific privacy policy , not this one . Our representations regarding our practices in this SEA Privacy Policy do not extend to the practices of these thirdparty advertisers and others or the use of the information that such third parties collect . We make no representations regarding the policies or practices of thirdparty advertisers or advertising networks . We use third parties analytics tools in order to develop and analyze the use of the Services . For more information and the options they may make available to you , please review this page . You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us , such as your contact information provided as part of registration . The Services may allow you to review , correct or update Personal Information you have provided by logging in to Square Enix Members and/or the thirdparty service used to login ( such as Facebook or Gamecenter ) . European residents should also see Section 3 ( g ) above . If so , we will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our thenactive databases as soon as reasonably practical . You can prospectively stop all collection of information by our Services by uninstalling and/or ceasing to use the Services . With respect to mobile , you may use the standard uninstall process available as part of your applicable Device or via the appropriate application or app marketplace . Please note that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases and that residual data may remain on backup media or for other reasons . Also , if you have made any public postings on the Services such as in forums or blogs , these communications generally can not be removed . When you edit your Personal Information or change your preferences on the Services , information that you remove may persist internally for Company 's administrative purposes . You may cancel or modify our email marketing communications you receive from us by following the instructions contained within our promotional emails or where applicable , by logging into an account you have created for our services . This will not affect subsequent access to the Services and your optout may be limited to certain types of emails . Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of our Services , such as administrative and service announcements , and you will continue to receive these transactional account messages even if you optout from receiving our marketing communications . If you have any questions about the SEA Privacy Policy or practices describe in it , you should contact us by sending a letter here : Square Enix , Inc. , Attn : SEA Privacy Policy Administrator , 999 N. Sepulveda Blvd. , 3rd Floor , El Segundo , CA 90245 . You can also contact us by emailing us at na.privacypolicy @ square-enix.com . Unlike services operated by our affiliates , Square Enix , Inc. 's Services are operated in the United States . If you are located outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect , including Personal Information , will be transferred to , and processed , stored and used in the United States . The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located , and your Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments , courts , or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States . By using the Services , or providing us with any information , you consent to the transfer to , and processing , usage , sharing and storage of your information , including Personal Information , in the United States as set forth in this SEA Privacy Policy . Company complies with the U.S.EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland . Company has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor Program , and to view Company 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor . SQUARE ENIX is also certified by the ESRB Privacy Online Program . The Services are general audience games and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children younger than the age of 13 as required by U.S. law . If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 , and believe he or she has disclosed personal information to us , please contact us at Square Enix , Inc. , Attn : SEA Privacy Policy Administrator COPPA , 999 N. Sepulveda Blvd. , 3rd Floor , El Segundo , CA 90245 . You can also contact us by emailing us at na.privacypolicy @ square-enix.com . We incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information . However , no data transmission over the Internet , mobile networks , wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . Please note that we can not ensure the security of any information you transmit to us , and you use our Services and provide us with your information at your own risk . If you have any questions or wish to file a complaint , please feel free to email us at na.privacypolicy @ square-enix.com , or send a letter addressed to Square Enix , Inc. , Attn : SEA Privacy Policy Administrator , 999 N. Sepulveda Blvd. , 3rd Floor , El Segundo , CA 90245 . SQUARE ENIX is a licensee of the ESRB 's Privacy Online Program . If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily address , please contact ESRB directly at http : //www.esrb.org/privacy/contact.jsp . ESRB Privacy Online Attn : Director , Privacy Online 317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor New York , NY 10017 privacy @ esrb.org We reserve the right to change this SEA Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you . Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised SEA Privacy Policy . However , we will require you to opt-in upon sign-in if we make material changes . To the extent any provision of this Privacy Policy is found by a competent tribunal to be invalid or unenforceable , such provision shall be severed to the extent necessary for the remainder to be valid and enforceable . End Square Enix Policy dated October 1 , 2012 About us Jobs Support Global site Terms of Use Unsolicited Content Policy Privacy Policy SE Mobile Site RSS English ( US ) 2013 SQUARE ENIX LTD . All Rights Reserved SQUARE ENIX and the SQUARE ENIX logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Square Enix Holdings Co. , Ltd . Square Enix , Inc. , 999 N. Sepulveda Blvd. , 3rd Floor , El Segundo , CA 90245 . 
Sportsbooks Fantasy Poker Horses Casinos Lottery Vegas SEARCH Sign In Register HOME SCORES ODDS CONSENSUS NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAAF NCAAB NEWS MORE EXPERTS CONTESTS COMMUNITY About Covers Careers Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us Privacy Policy Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information of non-employee Persons who interact with Covers Media Group Ltd. that is collected , used or disclosed Covers Media Group Ltd . Non-employee Persons in this context includes Individuals who are viewers , readers , subscribers , advertisers , contest participants , forum members , customers , Internet users who are exposed to the media and e-commerce content of Covers Media Group Ltd . The Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy applies to the management of Personal Information in any form whether oral , electronic or written . Covers Media Group Ltd. reserves the right to amend this Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy from time to time . The application of the Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy is subject to the requirements or provisions of any applicable legislation , regulations or agreements , or the order of any court or other lawful authority . The Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy does not impose any limits on the collection , use or disclosure of the following information by Covers Media Group Ltd. :  a ) Information which is available publicly , such as a Person 's name , address , telephone number and address , when listed in a directory or made available through directory assistance ;  b ) Information collected , used or disclosed in the course of journalistic , literary or artistic activities ; or c ) Aggregate information that can not be associated with a specific person , such as demographic statistics about Covers Media Group Ltd. customers , or number of visitors and average time spent on a website . Covers Media Group Ltd. has collected and collects Personal Information for the following purposes :  a ) To establish and maintain responsible commercial relations with Individuals and to provide ongoing service ;  b ) To understand Individual needs ;  c ) To enhance , develop , market or provide products and services ; and d ) To meet legal or regulatory requirements , including to protect or defend a legal interest , and in connection with an actual or possible Covers Media Group Ltd. corporate re-organization , merger or amalgamation with another entity , or an actual or possible sale of all or a substantial portion of the assets of Covers Media Group Ltd. , provided that the Personal Information disclosed continues to be used by the entity acquiring the information either for evaluation of the possible transaction , or , on completion of any such transaction , for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy . As examples of the above :  i ) Covers Media Group Ltd. may from time to time use a Person 's Personal Information to contact the Person about changes , enhancements or similar notices related to Covers Media Group Ltd. products and services ;  ii ) If a Person indicated that they was interested in receiving offers or information from Covers Media Group Ltd. or certain of our selected sponsors or advertisers , Covers Media Group Ltd. may send the Person materials about products and services that Covers Media Group Ltd. feels may be of interest to the Person ; and iii ) If a Person enters a contest or other promotion offered on a Covers Media Group Ltd. website , Covers Media Group Ltd. may , under the rules of the promotion , use the Person 's name and certain other information to administer the promotion , such as contacting , announcing and promoting the winners of the promotion . Covers Media Group Ltd. will make a reasonable effort to make sure Persons understand how their Personal Information will be used by Covers Media Group Ltd ..  Covers Media Group Ltd. will obtain consent from Persons before or when it collects or uses the Personal Information . Covers Media Group Ltd. will not attempt to deceive Persons into giving consent . A Person 's consent can be express , implied , or given through an authorized representative . A Person can withdraw consent at any time , with certain exceptions noted herein . Covers Media Group Ltd. , however , may collect , use or disclose Personal Information without the Person 's knowledge or consent in exceptional circumstances where such collection , use or disclosure is permitted or as required by law . Note : If any Person has any questions or concerns about Covers Media Group Ltd 's privacy practices , the Person can either :  i ) Write to Customer Service - Privacy , Covers Media Group Ltd. , Victoria House , Victoria Place , Eyre Square , Galway , Ireland ii ) Provide information to Covers Media Group Ltd. through the form provided on our feedback page . Subject to legal and contractual requirements , a Person can refuse to consent to Covers Media Group Ltd 's collection , use or disclosure of Personal Information about the Person , or a Person may withdraw the Person 's consent to Covers Media Group Ltd 's further collection , use or disclosure of Personal Information at any time in the future by giving Covers Media Group Ltd. reasonable notice , unless :  i ) The consent relates to certain information required for credit approval which a Person applies for or accepts , ii ) The consent is otherwise required by law or iii ) the use or disclosure is permitted by law or is related to the legal or regulatory requirements described herein . If a Person refuses or withdraws the Person 's consent , Covers Media Group Ltd. may not be able to provide the Person or continue to provide the Person with some products , services or information which may be of value to the Person . Personal Information may be collected when a user conducts activities on or related to all websites of Covers Media Group Ltd. ( see " Covers Media Group Ltd . Companies Sites " ) or related to services made available on the Covers Media Group Ltd . Companies Sites . Although information collected , used or disclosed on the Internet as described below often does not constitute Personal Information ( and to the extent that such is the case , then the obligations under the Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy do not extend to such information ) , Covers Media Group Ltd. provides the details below about Internet aspects of Covers Media Group Ltd. services for the purposes of disclosure . When the user 's web browser requests a web page from another computer on the Internet , it automatically gives that computer the address where it should send the information . This address is called the computer 's " IP address. "  For most users accessing the Internet from a dial-up Internet service provider ( ISP ) , the IP address will be different every time the user logs on . Covers Media Group Ltd. may use the user 's IP Address to :  a ) Facilitate the diagnosis and remedy of a technical problem reported by the user 's or Covers Media Group Ltd 's technical team . b ) Display ( or allow the display by Third Party advertising providers of ) more appropriate and relevant content and advertising , such as content and advertising based on the user 's geographic area . c ) Estimate user traffic from specific countries or organizations . Many IP addresses are commonly associated with Internet service providers , universities , or major corporations in specific regions or localities . Aggregate information derived from IP addresses may also be reported to advertisers . A cookie is a small text file , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier , that is sent to the user 's web browser from a web site 's computers and is stored on the user 's computer 's hard drive . Cookies can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to a user 's computer . Covers Media Group Ltd. may use cookies to :  a ) Improve the operation and performance of the Covers Media Group Ltd. services and to make Covers Media Group Ltd. services easier and more convenient to use . For example , cookies help Covers Media Group Ltd. provide more personalized services by recalling user preferences on subsequent visits ( e.g. language preference ) . Cookies also allow Covers Media Group Ltd. to save passwords and preferences for a user so that the user will not have to re-enter them on the next visit to a Covers Media Group Ltd. website ;  b ) Measure aggregate user traffic and demographic statistics related to Covers Media Group Ltd. websites and advertisements ( e.g. number of users , average time spent , average age and similar statistics ) . This information helps Covers Media Group Ltd. to better understand when to update , change or offer new services and provides Covers Media Group Ltd. with details as to the performance of Third Party advertisements and content . This information may be reported , in aggregate form only , to Covers Media Group Ltd 's current and prospective sponsors , advertisers and business partners . No Personal Information will be disclosed in such reports ;  c ) Display advertisements . Covers Media Group Ltd. and Third Party advertising providers may use cookies when serving advertisements on Covers Media Group Ltd. websites . In some cases , advertisements from Third Party advertisers are delivered to users ( in conjunction with Covers Media Group Ltd. services ) by such Third Party advertisers , or by separately contracted advertising providers on their behalf , and not by Covers Media Group Ltd. ; as such , the Third-party advertisers ' use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not the Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy , and users should consult the privacy policies of such Third Party advertisers . Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies . If a user prefers , the user can reset his/her browser either to notify the user when the user has received a cookie , or to refuse to accept cookies . The user should understand that while Covers Media Group Ltd. do not require a user to use cookies , certain Covers Media Group Ltd. services will not function properly if a user sets his/her browser to not accept cookies . A Covers Media Group Ltd. website may contain links to other websites and services . While Covers Media Group Ltd. try to link only to sites and services that share Covers Media Group Ltd 's high standards and respect for privacy , a user should understand that Covers Media Group Ltd. is not responsible for the content of , or the privacy practices employed by , other companies or websites . This Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy applies only to the Covers Media Group Ltd. services related to this Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy . The majority of the advertisements which are displayed in connection with Covers Media Group Ltd. services are served through one or more reputable Third Party advertisement-serving companies which deliver the advertisements to users in conjunction with Covers Media Group Ltd. services . For more information about what information is collected and how information is used by a major Third Party advertising provider click here . Covers Media Group Ltd . Companies automatically collect certain information about the user 's computer hardware and software . This information may include : browser type , operating system type , domain names , access times and referring Web site addresses . This information is used by Covers Media Group Ltd. to operate the service , to maintain the quality of the service , and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Covers Media Group Ltd . Companies Sites . Certain Covers Media Group Ltd. services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company . If a user registers for or uses such services , both Covers Media Group Ltd. and the other company may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services . Covers Media Group Ltd . Companies Sites Covers.com Experts.covers.com Definitions Collection - the act of gathering , acquiring , recording or obtaining Personal Information from any source , including third parties , by any means . Consent - voluntary agreement with the collection , use and disclosure of Personal Information for defined purposes . Consent can be either express or implied and can be provided directly by the Person or by an authorized representative . Express consent can be given orally , electronically or in writing but is always unequivocal and does not require any inference on the part of Covers Media Group Ltd ..  Implied consent is consent that can reasonably be inferred from a Person 's action or inaction . Disclosure - making Personal Information available to a Third Party . Individual - an individual other than an Employee who ( a ) Corresponds with Covers Media Group Ltd. , including complaints and including applications for employment ; ( b ) Enters an contest or forum sponsored by Covers Media Group Ltd. ; or ( c ) Uses , or applies to use , the products or services of Covers Media Group Ltd ..  Person - an Individual . Personal Information - information about an identifiable Person , but not : a ) Information that is publicly available , such as a Person 's name , address , telephone number and address , when listed in a directory or made available through directory assistance ; b ) Business-contact information , such as the name , title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization ; c ) Information collected , used or disclosed in the course of journalistic , literary or artistic activities ; or d ) Aggregate information that can not be associated with a specific person , such as demographic statistics about Covers Media Group Ltd. customers , or number of visitors and average time spent on a website . Third Party - a person other than the Person or his agent , or an organization other than a Covers Media Group Ltd ..  Use - the treatment , handling , and management of Personal Information by the Covers Media Group Ltd ..  Principle 1 - Accountability Covers Media Group Ltd. is responsible for Personal Information under its control and shall designate one or more persons who are accountable for Covers Media Group Ltd 's compliance with the following principles . 1.1 Responsibility for ensuring compliance with the provisions of the Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy rests with the senior management of Covers Media Group Ltd. , which shall designate one or more persons to be accountable for compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy . Other people within Covers Media Group Ltd. may be delegated to act on behalf of the designated person ( s ) or to take responsibility for the day-to-day collection and processing of Personal Information . 1.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. has designated a Chief Privacy Officer to oversee compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy . The Chief Privacy Officer can be contacted at Chief Privacy Officer , 26 Monivea Park , Ballybane , Galway City , Ireland . 1.3 Covers Media Group Ltd. is responsible for Personal Information in its possession or control , including information that has been transferred to a Third Party for processing . Covers Media Group Ltd. shall use appropriate means to provide a comparable level of protection while information is being processed by a Third Party ( see Principle 7 ) . 1.4 Covers Media Group Ltd. has implemented policies and procedures to give effect to the Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy , including : a ) Implementing procedures to protect Personal Information and to oversee Covers Media Group Ltd 's compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy ; b ) Establishing procedures to receive and respond to inquiries or complaints ; c ) Training and communicating to staff about Covers Media Group Ltd 's policies and practices ; and d ) Developing public information to explain Covers Media Group Ltd 's policies and practices . Principle 2 - Identifying Purposes for Collection of Personal Information Covers Media Group Ltd. has collected and collects Personal Information for the purposes set out below , and shall identify the purposes for which Personal Information is collected at or before the time the information is collected . 2.1 Covers Media Group Ltd. has collected and collects Personal Information for the following purposes : a ) To establish and maintain responsible commercial relations with Individuals and to provide ongoing service ; b ) To understand Individual needs ; c ) To develop , enhance , market or provide products and services ; d ) To meet legal or regulatory requirements , including to protect or defend a legal interest , and in connection with an actual or possible Covers Media Group Ltd. corporate re-organization , merger or amalgamation with another entity , or an actual or possible sale of all or a substantial portion of the assets of Covers Media Group Ltd. , provided that the Personal Information disclosed continues to be used by the entity acquiring the information either for evaluation of the possible transaction , or , on completion of any such transaction , for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy . As examples of the above :  i ) Covers Media Group Ltd. may from time to time use a Person 's Personal Information to contact the Person about changes , enhancements or similar notices related to Covers Media Group Ltd. products and services ;  ii ) If a Person indicated that he/she was interested in receiving offers or information from Covers Media Group Ltd. or certain of our selected sponsors or advertisers , Covers Media Group Ltd. may send the Person materials about products and services that Covers Media Group Ltd. feels may be of interest to the Person ; and iii ) If a Person enters a contest or other promotion offered on a Covers Media Group Ltd. website , Covers Media Group Ltd. may , under the rules of the promotion , use the Person 's name and certain other information to administer the promotion , such as contacting , announcing and promoting the winners of the promotion . Further references to " identified purposes " mean the purposes identified in this Principle 2 . 2.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall specify orally , electronically or in writing the identified purposes to the Person at or before the time Personal Information is collected . Upon request , persons collecting Personal Information shall explain these identified purposes or refer the Person to a designated person within Covers Media Group Ltd. who shall explain the purposes . 2.3 Unless required by law , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall not use or disclose , for any new purpose , Personal Information that has been collected without first identifying the new purpose and obtaining the consent of the Person . Principle 3 - Obtaining Consent for Collection , Use or Disclosure of Personal Information The knowledge and consent of a Person are required for the collection , use or disclosure of Personal Information , except where inappropriate . 3.1 Generally , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall seek consent to use and disclose Personal Information at the same time it collects the information . However , Covers Media Group Ltd. may seek consent to use and disclose Personal Information after it has been collected but before it is used or disclosed for a new purpose . 3.2 In obtaining consent , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall use reasonable efforts to ensure that a Person is advised of the identified purposes for which Personal Information will be used or disclosed . Purposes shall be stated in a manner that can be reasonably understood by the Person . 3.3 Covers Media Group Ltd. will require Individuals to consent to the collection , use or disclosure of Personal Information as a condition of the supply of a product or service only if such collection , use or disclosure is required to fulfill the identified purposes . 3.4 In determining the appropriate form of consent , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall take into account the sensitivity of the Personal Information and the reasonable expectations of the Persons . 3.5 In general , the use of products and services by an Individual constitutes implied consent for Covers Media Group Ltd. to collect , use and disclose Personal Information for all identified purposes . 3.6 An Individual may withdraw consent at any time , subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice . Individuals may contact Covers Media Group Ltd. for more information regarding the implications of withdrawing consent . 3.7 In certain circumstances Personal Information can be collected , used or disclosed without the knowledge and consent of the Person . For example , Covers Media Group Ltd. may collect or use Personal Information without knowledge or consent if it is clearly in the interests of the Person and consent can not be obtained in a timely way , such as when the Person is a minor , seriously ill or mentally incapacitated . Covers Media Group Ltd. may also collect , use or disclose Personal Information without knowledge or consent if seeking the consent of the Person might defeat the purpose of collecting the information such as in the investigation of a breach of an agreement or a contravention of a federal or provincial law . Covers Media Group Ltd. may also use or disclose Personal Information without knowledge or consent in the case of an emergency where the life , health or security of an individual or property is threatened . Covers Media Group Ltd. may disclose Personal Information without knowledge or consent to collect a debt , to comply with a subpoena , warrant or other court order , or as may be otherwise related to the legal or regulatory requirements described herein . Principle 4 - Limiting Collection of Personal Information Covers Media Group Ltd. shall limit the collection of Personal Information to that which is necessary for the purposes identified by Covers Media Group Ltd ..  Covers Media Group Ltd. shall collect Personal Information by fair and lawful means . 4.1 Covers Media Group Ltd. collects Personal Information primarily from Individuals . 4.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. may also collect Personal Information from other sources including credit bureaus , employers or personal references , or other third parties that represent that they have the right to disclose the information . Principle 5 - Limiting Use , Disclosure and Retention of Personal Information Covers Media Group Ltd. shall not use or disclose Personal Information for purposes other than those for which it was collected , except with the consent of the Person or as required by law . Covers Media Group Ltd. shall retain Personal Information only as long as necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes for which it was collected . 5.1 In certain circumstances Personal Information can be collected , used or disclosed without the knowledge and consent of the Person . ( See Principle 3.7 )  5.2 In addition , Covers Media Group Ltd. may disclose a Person 's Personal Information to : a ) Another person for the development , enhancement , marketing or provision of any of the products or services of Covers Media Group Ltd. ; b ) A person who , in the reasonable judgment of the Covers Media Group Ltd. , is seeking the information as an agent of the Person ; c ) Any Covers Media Group Ltd. to permit the provision of services requested by the Person , and d ) A Third Party or Third Parties , where the Person consents to such disclosure or disclosure is required by law . 5.4 Only those Employees of Covers Media Group Ltd. who require access for business reasons , or whose duties reasonably so require , or properly designated representatives of Covers Media Group Ltd. , are granted access to Personal Information about Individuals . 5.5 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall keep Personal Information only as long as it remains necessary or relevant for the identified purposes or as required by law . Depending on the circumstances , where Personal Information has been used to make a decision about a Person , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall retain , for a period of time that is reasonably sufficient to allow for access by the Person , either the actual information or the rationale for making the decision . 5.6 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall maintain reasonable and systematic controls , schedules and practices for information and records retention and destruction which apply to Personal Information that is no longer necessary or relevant for the identified purposes or required by law to be retained . Such information shall be destroyed , erased or made anonymous . Principle 6 - Accuracy of Personal Information Personal Information shall be as accurate , complete and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used . 6.1 Personal Information used by Covers Media Group Ltd. shall be sufficiently accurate , complete and up-to-date to minimize the possibility that inappropriate information may be used to make a decision about a Person . 6.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall update Personal Information about Persons as and when necessary to fulfill the identified purposes or upon notification by the Person . Principle 7 - Security Safeguards Covers Media Group Ltd. shall protect Personal Information by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information . 7.1 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall protect Personal Information against such risks as loss or theft , unauthorized access , disclosure , copying , use , modification or destruction , through appropriate security measures . Covers Media Group Ltd. shall protect the information regardless of the format in which it is held . 7.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall protect Personal Information disclosed to third parties by contractual agreements stipulating the confidentiality of the information and the purposes for which it is to be used . 7.3 All employees of Covers Media Group Ltd. with access to Personal Information shall be required as a condition of employment to respect the confidentiality of Personal Information . Principle 8 - Openness Concerning Policies and Practices Covers Media Group Ltd. shall make readily available to Persons specific information about its policies and practices relating to the management of Personal Information . 8.1 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall make information about its policies and practices easy to understand , including : a ) The title and address of the person or persons accountable for the compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy and to whom inquiries or complaints can be forwarded ; b ) The means of gaining access to Personal Information held by Covers Media Group Ltd. ; and c ) A description of the type of Personal Information held by Covers Media Group Ltd. , including a general account of its use . 8.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall make available information to help Persons exercise choices regarding the use of their Personal Information . Principle 9 - Access to Personal Information Covers Media Group Ltd. shall inform a Person of the existence , use and disclosure of his or her Personal Information upon request and shall give the Person access to that information . A Person shall be able to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the Personal Information and have it amended as appropriate . 9.1 Upon request , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall afford to a Person a reasonable opportunity to review the Personal Information in the Person 's file . Personal Information shall be provided in understandable form within a reasonable time and at minimal or no cost to the Person . 9.2 In certain situations , Covers Media Group Ltd. may not be able to provide access to all of the Personal Information that they hold about a Person . For example , Covers Media Group Ltd. may not provide access to information if doing so would likely reveal Personal Information about a Third Party or could reasonably be expected to threaten the life or security of another person . Also , Covers Media Group Ltd. may not provide access to information if disclosure would reveal confidential commercial information , if the information is protected by solicitor-client privilege , if the information was generated in the course of a formal dispute resolution process , or if the information was collected in relation to the investigation of a breach of an agreement or a contravention of a federal or provincial law , or if the information was collected as part of journalistic , literary or artistic activities . If access to Personal Information can not be provided , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall provide the reasons for denying access upon request . 9.3 Upon request , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall provide an account of the use and disclosure of Personal Information and , where reasonably possible , shall state the source of the information . In providing an account of disclosure , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall provide a list of organizations to which it may have disclosed Personal Information about the individual when it is not possible to provide an actual list . 9.4 In order to safeguard Personal Information , an individual or employee may be required to provide sufficient identification information to permit Covers Media Group Ltd. to account for the existence , use and disclosure of Personal Information and to authorize access to the individual 's file . Any such information shall be used only for this purpose . 9.5 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall promptly correct or complete any Personal Information found to be inaccurate or incomplete . Any unresolved differences as to accuracy or completeness shall be noted in the Person 's file . Where appropriate , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall transmit to third parties having access to the Personal Information in question any amended information or the existence of any unresolved differences . 9.6 A Person can obtain information or seek access to his or her Personal Information by contacting a designated representative at Covers Media Group Ltd. principal office . 9.7 An employee can obtain information or seek access to his or her Personal Information by contacting his or her immediate supervisor within Covers Media Group Ltd ..  Principle 10 - Challenging Compliance A Person shall be able to address a challenge concerning compliance with the above principles to the designated person or persons accountable for the compliance of Covers Media Group Ltd. with the Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy . 10.1 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall maintain procedures for addressing and responding to all inquiries or complaints from Persons about Covers Media Group Ltd 's handling of their Personal Information . If any Person at any time has any questions or concerns about Covers Media Group Ltd 's privacy practices , please contact us at :  Covers Media Group Ltd . Victoria House , Victoria Place Eyre Square , Galway , Ireland Ireland You may contact us through our feedback page You may contact us by phone on 1-866-662-6837 10.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall inform Persons about the existence of these procedures as well as the availability of complaint procedures . 10.3 The person or persons accountable for compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy may seek external advice where appropriate before providing a final response to individual complaints . 10.4 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall investigate all complaints concerning compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd . Privacy Policy . If a complaint is found to be justified , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall take appropriate measures to resolve the complaint including , if necessary , amending its policies and procedures . A Person shall be informed of the outcome of the investigation regarding his or her complaint . Customer Service : Site Map | Help | About | Advertising | Contact Us | Careers | Privacy | Terms of Service Features : Print Sheets | Covers RSS feeds | Covers Facebook Page | Covers on Twitter | Mobile Copyright 1995-2013 Covers Media Group Ltd . All Rights Reserved . Activities offered by advertising links to other sites may be deemed an illegal activity in certain jurisdictions . Viewers are specifically warned that they should inquire into the legality of participating in any games and/or activities offered by such other sites . The owner of this website assumes no responsibility for the actions by and makes no representation or endorsement of any of these games and/or activities offered by the advertiser . As a condition of viewing this website viewers agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from the viewer 's participation in any of the games and/or activities offered by the advertiser . 
Privacy Policy Geekdo takes your privacy seriously . Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy . Geekdo does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or companies , except when we have your explicit permission ( for example , to pass on your contact information when you have won a contest ) . You will not get on a spammer 's list because of your interactions with Geekdo . Geekdo collects personal information when you register with Geekdo , when you use Geekdo products or services , when you visit Geekdo pages or the pages of certain Geekdo partners , and when you enter Geekdo contests . Geekdo may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies . When you register we ask for information such as your name , e-mail address , birth date , gender , zip code , occupation , industry , and personal interests . Once you register with Geekdo and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us . Geekdo collects information about your transactions with us . Geekdo automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser , including your IP address , Geekdo cookie information , and the page you request . Geekdo uses information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , and investigate abuse . We partner with ValueClick to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website . ValueClick may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you . To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information , you can visit http : //www.valueclickmedia.com/member_privacy.shtml Geekdo reserves the right to modify all or some of this Privacy Policy at any time without notice . If we modify our Privacy Policy , we may post a notice on our website so our users are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it . We will use information only in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected unless we have received explicit authorization from the appropriate user ( s ) to do otherwise . We reserve the right to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , violations of the Geekdo Terms of Service , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , or as otherwise required by law . 
Privacy Policy This policy covers the processing of personal data by Future plc and its associated UK group companies ( Future , we or us ) whose registered address is at Beauford Court , 30 Monmouth Street , Bath , BA1 2BW.Future is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information whilst striving to provide the very best user experience . We want our websites to be safe and enjoyable for everyone . Under the Data Protection Act 1998 and related laws , we have a legal duty to protect the personal information we collect from you . If you have any concerns , questions or comments about this privacy policy or the website you can contact us using the contact details in paragraph 12 of this policy . Information you provide upon registration : in order to make use of certain services provided through the website such as the forums and email newsletters , you will either need to : ( a ) register an account with us . When you do so , you will provide us with information about yourself and you will be able to select how we use your information for marketing purposes ; ( b ) log in using a social media account of your choice . When you do so , we will be provided with certain information about you from the social media site , as specified when you log in . You will be able to select how we use your information for marketing purposes . You can update your marketing preferences at any time by following the instructions to amend your details in the account registration section . We will only use your information in accordance with your instructions and as set out in this privacy policy . Information you provide upon ordering a product or service from us : if you order a product or service from us , you will need to provide certain personal details so that the order can be fulfilled . In some cases , we will direct you to a third party partner site which will collect this information from you and fulfill your order . For example , if you order a subscription to one or more of our publications , you may be able to access those products through a digital newsstand such as Google Play or the Apple Newsstand . If you do , you will need to provide certain information about your subscription to the digital newsstand . The digital newsstand may need to verify that information with our print subscription fulfillment provider . The digital newsstand will only use the information that you and our print subscription fulfillment provider provide , to enable them to fulfill your order unless you agree otherwise . Information you provide upon entering a promotion or competition : if you enter a promotion or competition you will either need to register an account with us or provide certain personal information which will be used in accordance with the terms of the promotion or competition . Information you provide when taking part in a poll or survey : if you take part in a poll or survey you will either need to register an account with us or provide certain personal information to us which we will use in accordance with the terms of the poll or survey . Games : if you register to play a game through this site , you may be asked to provide personal information . Demographic and other data : this website uses cookies , web analytics and web logs to collect information about your use of our site , information about your computer such as your computer 's IP address and browser type , demographic data and , if you arrived at our site via a link from a third party site , the URL of the linking page . If you have registered an account with us , it may also collect your name and email address . The data collected through cookies , web analytics and web logs may be transferred to third parties . For more information on how this website uses cookies , see our cookie policy . Email communications : we use web beacons in our emails to track the success of our marketing campaigns . If you open an email from us , we can see which of the pages of our website you visited . Our web beacons do n't store any information on your computer but , by communicating with our cookies on your computer , they can tell us when you have opened an email from us . We may keep track of the emails that we send you . We also keep a record of what communications you have selected to receive or not to receive . If you would like to opt out of receiving such emails , please click the unsubscribe link in the email and follow the instructions . Information from other sources : we may receive information about you from other sources ( eg missing information about your postal or email addresses ) and add it to the personal information we hold about you . We own the information we collect through this website . We will use it , as applicable , to : provide you with services or information that you have requested or products or services that you have ordered , such as magazine subscriptions ; contact you regarding your registered account with us ; confirm or fulfill an order you have submitted inform you if you have won a prize monitor or improve the performance of , and products and services available through , this website customise the advertising and content that you see monitor compliance with our terms and conditions of use of this website , enforce our rights and protect the safety of others including investigating and if necessary removing any content about which we receive a complaint send you promotional materials or special offers on our behalf or on behalf of our group companies and marketing partners . If you do not want to receive this marketing information you can notify us of this as part of the registration process . You can stop receiving this information at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions on the correspondence you receive , by amending your marketing preferences , or by emailing futurenet-webmaster @ futurenet.co.uk , giving your email address and details of the information you no longer wish to receive for any purpose if we are required to do so by any law or other regulatory or government authority Please note that if you upload or post any information to a public part of the Website , we may use it in accordance with our terms and conditions of use and it may be viewed and used by others . Future accepts no responsibility for this . By providing us with your personal information , you consent to us : ( a ) processing your information as set out in this privacy policy and in any other manner you expressly consent to ; ( b ) processing your sensitive personal data , such as health data ( if provided ) ; and ( c ) transferring your information to countries or jurisdictions which do not provide the same level of data protection as the UK , if necessary for these purposes . If we do make such a transfer , we will , if appropriate , put a contract in place to ensure that your information is protected . we use third parties to perform certain functions on our behalf including fulfilling orders , sending emails , organising and managing competitions , promotions , surveys or polls , removing repetitive information from customer lists , comment hosting , website analysis , data analysis , translation services and processing credit card payments . They will have access to your personal information if necessary to perform their function but they can not use it or disclose it for any other purpose , unless you have specifically given them consent to do so . Aggregate Information : we may share aggregate , non-personally identifiable information , such as demographics and website usage statistics , with advertisers , sponsors and other organisations . Option to receive marketing information from associated third parties : throughout the website you may be given the opportunity to receive marketing information which may be of interest to you from associated third parties . Only if you elect to receive such information , will we share your personal information with our associated third parties and they are only permitted by us to use it for the purpose of providing you with the marketing information you have requested . The use of your personal information by such third parties will be subject to their own privacy policy and practices . We are not responsible for the privacy policy or practices of any such third party . If you do not want to receive marketing information from associated companies you can notify us of this as part of the registration process . You can stop receiving this information at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions on the correspondence you receive , by amending your marketing preferences , or by emailing futurenet-webmaster @ futurenet.co.uk , giving your email address and details of the information you no longer wish to receive . Products or services offered in partnership with third parties : certain products or services available through this website may be provided to you in partnership with a third party . That third party may require you to disclose personal information to them in order to receive such products or services . If you request a product or service offered in partnership with a third party , the identity of the third party will be disclosed to you and your personal information will be transferred to that third party . The use of your personal information by that third party is subject to its privacy policy and practices and we are not responsible for the same . Group Companies : we only share your personal information with our group companies if you have elected to receive marketing information from them which may be of interest to you . They are only permitted by us to use it for the purpose of providing you with the marketing information you have requested . The use of your personal information by our group companies will be subject to their own privacy policies and practices . If you do not want to receive marketing information from our group companies you can notify us of this as part of the registration process . You can stop receiving this information at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions on the correspondence you receive , by amending your marketing preferences , or by emailing futurenet-webmaster @ futurenet.co.uk , giving your email address and details of the information you no longer wish to receive . Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services : we may use a third-party network advertiser to serve the advertisements on this website or we may use an audience or traffic measurement service to analyse the traffic on this website . Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this website and other websites you have visited . Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or websites you might be interested in . Audience and traffic measurement services allow us to collect anonymous traffic and behavioural information from the website by monitoring anonymous visitor activity . This website 's advertisers , sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have your cookies enabled in your browser . Your information is collected and stored on servers which are owned and maintained by or on behalf of Future and its group companies . We may keep your information for a reasonable period for the purposes set out in this privacy policy . this website contains links to a wide variety of other websites and we display advertisements from third parties on our website . We may monetise some of these links through the use of third party affiliate programmes . Notwithstanding such affiliate programmes , we are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these websites or for third party advertisers , even if they use the website 's logo as part of a co-branding agreement , nor for the way in which information about their users is treated . Before submitting any personal information to such websites , you should check their privacy policy . In accordance with our requirements under the Data Protection Act 1998 , we will adopt appropriate security procedures to help prevent unauthorised access to your information . Future shall not be liable for any attempt to hack or crack or otherwise gain access to any part of this website including any of your information . this website is a general audience website . On the website , we do not currently knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of sixteen . If , in the future , we collect personally identifiable information from children on the Website , we will do so in compliance with all relevant laws and regulations including , without limitation , obtaining parental consent where necessary . The Internet offers children wonderful educational and entertainment resources . Your guidance and involvement are essential to help ensure that children have a safe and rewarding online experience . We encourage you to visit www.google.co.uk/goodtoknow/familysafety and the GetNetWise website to learn more about parental control tools . By using this website you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and our terms of use . We may amend this privacy policy and the terms of use from time to time . If we do so , we will post an updated version on this website . You will be bound by the new terms upon your continued use of this website . if you have any general questions about this website or the information we have collected about you and how we use it , you can contact the Future New Media Team at Future Publishing Limited , Beauford Court , 30 Monmouth Street , Bath , BA1 2BW , telephone 00 44 1225 442244 , email futurenet-webmaster @ futurenet.co.uk . If you have any questions about your information including what we hold and how it is used , you can contact us at futurenet-webmaster @ futurenet.co.uk . You are entitled to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you ( for which we may charge a small fee ) and to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected . 
Eurogamer may ask you for certain information and you may submit personal data to Eurogamer.net ( such as your name , email address and contact details ) when you subscribe or sign up to Eurogamer.net . Eurogamer may also record which parts of Eurogamer.net and services you are interested in as well as user traffic patterns and site use . This information will be kept securely in accordance with an internal security policy and may be used to : process your User Content and your subscription to Eurogamer.net and to enable your use of Eurogamer.net and associated services ; open and run your account and provide you with an up to date , efficient and reliable service ; administer prize draws ; generally run Eurogamer.net ; send you newsletters and alerts when you sign up for or subscribe to them . By subscribing and submitting your data you agree to this use . From time to time Eurogamer also monitor and record telephone calls for training purposes and to improve the service to you . Eurogamer will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent . In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 , Eurogamer is registered with the Information Commissioner [ notification number Z6679757 ] . If you believe Eurogamer has information about you that you do not want Eurogamer to have or that is incorrect , please contact Eurogamer as described below and Eurogamer shall correct or remove the data as you request as soon as is reasonably practicable . If you have any other concerns over privacy , this privacy policy or this Web Site please contact Eurogamer as described below . Eurogamer gives you a choice whether or not you want Eurogamer or other reputable companies to contact you about future offers , events and new services or related activities that you may find useful . Eurogamer wo n't sell or trade personal information to other companies but Eurogamer would like to keep you informed of the developments on Eurogamer.net and certain Content and Eurogamer would like to share data with other reputable companies who may have interesting offers and information for you ( inside or outside the EU ) . Eurogamer will not send you any marketing emails or pass your information on to third parties unless you give your consent or you have given it already . Eurogamer uses ' cookies ' on Eurogamer.net . Cookies are a way that information such as whether you have visited Eurogamer.net before is recorded on your computer and used by Eurogamer to improve Eurogamer.net and the services available to you . If you do not wish for Eurogamer to use cookies when you use Eurogamer.net please adjust your Internet browser settings to not accept cookies . Your computer 's help file should tell you how to do this but please note that this may affect your ability to use Eurogamer.net and the Content . If you do n't disable " cookies " Eurogamer.net will ask for and store details including name and email address and may automatically insert certain information on the Content submission forms so that you can use Eurogamer.net with less form filling . All email and other communications sent by Eurogamer and attachments thereto are intended only for the addressee and/or others authorised to receive them . The Eurogamer Comment System and Forum are very popular features of the site and although the team strongly believes in allowing the community that has formed around the site to grow and develop in its own way , there are a few simple rules , regulations and procedures you should be aware of when posting . Most posters will probably never run foul of these anyway , but we 're quite serious about them nonetheless . Eurogamer is not responsible for comments posted on the site by our readers . We will however attempt to remove or edit posts which are deemed to contain racist or homophobic remarks , personal abuse , libel , copyrighted material , excessive swearing , references to illegal activities and requests for CD keys or pirated software . Obviously conversations can get heated on the forum ( games are a serious business , after all ) , but we 'd ask users to hold back from personal insults . Respond to the post , do n't attack the poster . Eurogamer staff members regularly monitor the discussion threads to ensure they stay lively , interesting , vaguely relevant and fun . However , the sheer volume of traffic on our forums and comment threads means that we do n't always manage to read every post on the site . If you discover a post which you believe contravenes the site guidelines please notify a moderator with details of the page you found it on . Users who repeatedly post inflammatory ( " troll " ) topics or contravene the site posting guidelines will find their posts removed and eventually their user account removed . Eurogamer reserves the right to remove posting privileges from any account at any time . In general the staff will endeavour to issue warnings before a user account is removed or suspended , however , in the instance of severe transgressions , this action may be taken without any prior warning . If you have any questions about this comments system policy , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this Web site , you can contact : Policy centre Privacy & data policy privacy @ eurogamer.net 
HASBRO WEB SITE PRIVACY POLICY ( Last Updated : 09/12/2013 ) TRUSTe online privacy certification TRUSTe Children privacy certification WELCOME ! This Privacy Policy ( " Policy " ) explains how Hasbro , Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies that operate within the United States ( " Hasbro " ) collect , use and disclose your personal information . This Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites , mobile applications and other online products and services where this Policy is posted ( collectively , the " Services " ) . Hasbro has been awarded TRUSTe 's Web Privacy and Children 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . TRUSTe 's certification covers all Hasbro websites that link to this privacy policy . At this time , the TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through our mobile websites , but does cover information collected through our mobile applications listed here . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or complaints regarding our Policy or privacy practices , please contact us at hasbroregistration @ hasbro.com . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . If you are a parent or guardian and are interested in knowing more about Hasbro 's policy regarding the collection of information from children , we recommend reviewing the Note To Parents below . We may change the provisions of this Policy at any time and will indicate when changes have been made by revising the date at the top of this Policy . Your use of the Services , or any portion thereof , following the posting of such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes . We encourage you to review the Policy whenever you access the Services to make sure that you understand our information collection , use and disclosure practices . If we make material changes to this policy , we will provide you with additional notice of such changes and request your affirmative consent before using or sharing previously collected information in a materially different way . If we make material changes to how we use personal information collected from children under 13 , we will notify parents by e-mail in order to obtain verifiable consent for the new uses of the child 's personal information . Information That You Provide Hasbro may collect information that you provide when you use the Services , such as when you : ( 1 ) create an account ; ( 2 ) make a purchase ; ( 3 ) participate in contests , events or promotions ; ( 4 ) send questions or comments via e-mail or live chat to Hasbro customer support ; ( 5 ) submit your resume to us online ; ( 6 ) fill out online surveys ; or ( 7 ) otherwise communicate with us through the Services ( 8 ) to obtain parental consent . The types of personal information that you provide may include your name , e-mail address , parent 's email address , telephone number , postal address , credit card information , birth date and other contact or identifying information that you choose to provide . We may also collect your gender , toy and game ownership and preferences when you provide this information at the same time as your name or other contact or identifying information , or we may combine these data points with your personal information in the future . If you are under the age of 13 , only your parent or guardian can provide any personal information to us for purposes of registration and other online activities . See Note To Parents below for more information . Information We Collect Automatically From You When you access or use our Services , we may also automatically collect information about you . For example , when you visit our websites , we collect information about your computer 's operating system , Internet Protocol ( " IP " ) address , access times , browser type and language and the URL of the website you visited before navigating to our Services . If you access our Services via a mobile device , we may also collect your , first name or username ( depending on which you would like to use ) , device make and model , mobile carrier , mobile web browser type and version , the country in which you are using your device , and analytics used to collect aggregate data on app usage , downloads , number of users , sessions , frequency of use , retention , territories , and in-game events . We do not ask you for , access , or track any location based information , other than the country information , from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Mobile Apps or services . To collect this information , we use the technologies identified below :  Cookies : Cookies are small data files stored on your computer or mobile device by a website . Among other things , cookies help us improve our Services and your experience , see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits . In addition , when you view a video on our Services , we may set a " flash cookie " ( sometimes called a " flash object " ) on your computer or device . For more information about cookies , and how to disable them , please see " What are my information choices " below . Clear GIFs : Clear GIFs , sometimes called " web bugs " or " web beacons , " are small electronic images that are placed on a web page or in an e-mail message . We use clear GIFs to monitor user behavior , deliver cookies , collect information , count visits , understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if a recipient has opened and acted upon an email . Log Files : Log files record website activity on our Services and enable us to gather statistics about our users ' browsing habits . These entries help Hasbro determine ( among other things ) how many and how often users have accessed or used our Services , which pages of our Services they 've visited , and other similar data . We may associate the information we collect from these technologies with other personal information that you provide for the purposes described in this Policy . We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services . For example , if you create or log into your account through a third-party social networking site , we will have access to certain information from that site , such as your name , account info and friends , in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third-party social networking site . For a list of third party partners we have integrated on our site please click HERE . If you have any inquiries regarding our partner 's privacy practices or how they use your child 's personal information , please contact us directly at hasbroregistration @ hasbro.com . We use analytics services and software provided by third parties to help us understand how users access and use the Services . These tools and services place cookies , web beacons and other devices or technologies on our Services to enable them to track traffic data . The data collected typically includes information such as your IP address , your Internet Service Provider , your web browser , the time spent on webpages , the links clicked and the advertisements viewed on those pages . We use this information to improve our Services and your experience , to see which areas and features of our Services are popular and to count visits . We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone . This software may record information such as how often you use the application , the events that occur within the application , aggregated usage , performance data , and where the application was downloaded from . We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile app . We allow third parties to serve ads on our Services and we engage third parties to place ads for our products and services on other websites . These third parties place cookies , web beacons and other devices or technologies within the ads . When you click or scroll over any of these ads , these third parties collect information about your use of the Services and other third party websites . The data collected typically includes information such as your IP address , your web browser , web pages viewed , time spent on pages , links clicked and whether you purchased an advertised product . These third parties use this information to deliver advertising and/or content targeted to your interests . For more information about targeted advertising in connection with these third parties , and how to opt out of having your information used in this way , please visit : www.aboutads.info/choices or www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . Use of Information We use personal information collected through our Services for purposes described in this Policy or otherwise disclosed to you on or in connection with our Services . For example , we may use your information to :  Send you advertising or promotional materials , including information about new products , contests , features and enhancements , special offers and other events of interest from Hasbro and our select partners ;  Operate and improve our Services ;  Provide and deliver the products and services you request , process transactions , and to send you related information , including confirmations and invoices ;  Send you technical notices , updates , security alerts and support and administrative messages ;  Respond to your comments , questions and requests and provide customer service ;  Monitor and evaluate trends , usage and activities in connection with our Services ;  Personalize and improve the Services and provide ads , content , communications or features that match user profiles or interests ;  Link or combine with other information we get from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service ;  Monitor performance of the app , track how users are engaging in the game , identify which app features are least and most utilized , to identify problem areas within the app , and to inform design development for future app updates ; and Obtain consent from parents in order to allow children to upload videos and voice recordings to YouTube or share through SMS messaging . Hasbro may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries . Sharing of Information We do not share your personal information with third parties other than as described in this Policy or in connection with the Services , including : With your consent , including if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information ; With third party vendors , consultants and other service providers who are working on our behalf and need access to your information to carry out their work for us . These entities have agreed to maintain the confidentiality , security , and integrity of the personal information they obtain from us , and , unless we notify you otherwise and provide you with an opportunity to opt-out , will not use your personal information for any purpose other than as described in this Policy . When we believe it is necessary or appropriate to ( i ) comply with applicable law or legal process or to respond to lawful requests or legal authorities ; ( ii ) protect the rights and property of Hasbro and our employees , agents , users and other third parties , including to enforce our agreements , policies and Terms and Conditions of Use and protect against fraudulent , abusive , inappropriate , or unlawful use of our Services ; and ( iii ) protect the safety of Hasbro our users or any third party ; and In connection with , or during negotiations of , any merger , sale of company assets , bankruptcy or reorganization , financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company . We may also share aggregated information or information that we have collected from you while on our website including on co-branded pages and where we have taken reasonable measures to de-identify . Social Sharing Features The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools ( such as the Facebook " Like " button or widgets ) , which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media , and vice versa . The use of such features may enable the sharing of information with your friends or the public , depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides these features . These features may also collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our Services and may set a cookie to enable the features to function properly . For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features , please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features . Linking to Third Party Sites To provide relevant information not found on our Services , to facilitate online shopping , and to allow you to interact with other websites and/or applications in which you may have accounts ( such as Facebook and other social media sites ) , Hasbro may provide links or embed third-party applications that allow login from our Services to third party websites . Hasbro will notify users when they are leaving the Services or otherwise indicate that you will be going to a third-party 's site . Your use of these third party websites and/or applications is subject to the third parties ' privacy policies , and we encourage you to read the third parties ' privacy policies before submitting personal or other information or using the websites and/or applications . Regarding Personal Information If you have registered with our Services , you may at any time review and/or update the contact information we have for you or inform us that you want us to remove your information from our database by either visiting the online profile section of one of our Services or contacting us at hasbroregistration @ hasbro.com . If you choose to send us an e-mail , please be sure to include in your message , the name of the website or mobile application at which you registered and the e-mail address you used to register so that we can verify your request . We will respond to all access requests within 30 days . Regarding Cookies Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default . If you prefer , you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies . Removing or rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect third party flash cookies used in connection with our Services . For more information about how to delete or disable flash cookies please visit www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security . Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies , this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services . Regarding Promotional Communications You may opt out of receiving promotional emails , text messages or mail from Hasbro by declining to receive such communications at the time of registration or at the time you otherwise provide the information to us . You may also opt-out of receiving promotional emails or text messages by following the instructions in those emails or text messages or by sending an e-mail to hasbroregistration @ hasbro.com . If you opt out , we may still send you transactional or relationship messages , such as emails about your account or our ongoing business relations . Safeguarding your personal information Hasbro has established policies to protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss , misuse and unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration and destruction . For example , Hasbro has established policies to provide you with a reasonably secureconnection when you create an account or enter payment information ( encrypted ) for the purchase of a product . Hasbro retains your information for business purposes , for as long as your account is active and/or as long as is reasonably necessary to provide you with our products and services . We will also retain your information as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements . We may also retain cached or archived copies of your information for a reasonable period of time . If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy , you should first contact Hasbro , using the following contact information : Hasbro , Inc . Attention : Website Administrator 1027 Newport Avenue , Mailstop A906 Pawtucket , RI 02861 ( 800 ) 255-5516 hasbroregistration @ hasbro.com For additional information about our Services , please see our Terms and Conditions of Use . Hasbro has developed its Services to be an enjoyable experience for children ( and adults ) of all ages . The purpose of this Policy is to help you understand some of the information contained on the Services and how the Services operate . Please discuss this Policy with your children so that they will better understand how to use the Services and the information they may be asked to provide . Hasbro believes that providing its visitors with accurate and adequate notice about the Services will inform choices and decisions about how to use the Services , and will better protect its users ' privacy . If you have any questions or comments about our Policy , please contact us using the contact information provided below . For any other issue , please contact Customer Service . Collection and Use of Children 's Personal Information Hasbro may collect and store personal information about children under 13 years of age ( " children " or " child " ) if this information is submitted by the parent or guardian in connection with any of our website registrations . To determine who is younger than 13 years old and whether parental consent is required , we ask all prospective registrants to submit their date of birth . Those users that indicate they are less than 13 years of age are taken through a parental consent process . When provided by the parent or guardian , Hasbro may collect and store the following types of personal information about a child under 13 : name , email address , parent 's or guardian 's name , and parent 's or guardian 's email address . Hasbro may also collect the child 's mailing address when necessary to fulfill a transaction , such as sending the winner of a contest or sweepstakes the awarded prize . Hasbro may also collect demographic information about a child such as the child 's date of birth , gender , and other preferences ; and , combine such information with the child 's personal information . Hasbro will only collect this information if it believes that it is voluntarily submitted to us by the child 's parent or guardian . For information on how we use cookies and other information collection tools , please see our section on ( above ) . Once collected , a child 's registration information may be used to : ( a ) fulfill a transaction , such as ship products that have been purchased or send the winner of a contest or sweepstakes the awarded prize , or ( b ) send the child requested promotional materials , including information about new products , contests , features and enhancements , special offers , and other events of interest ( e.g. , Birthday Club e-mails ) . We may also use the information for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so that we can improve the products and services we provide our visitors and to better meet their needs . Please note that we are prohibited from conditioning a child 's participation in an activity - like contests - on the child 's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity . This means that if we do n't need a specific piece of information ( like the child 's phone number ) to allow the child to participate in a contest , we simply wo n't ask for it . To read about the steps Hasbro takes to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of children 's personal information , please see our section on " Safeguarding your personal information " ( above ) . Any registration information that a child provides to our Services is collected by Hasbro . Hasbro 's contact information is as follows :  Hasbro , Inc . Attention : Website Administrator 1027 Newport Avenue , Mailstop A906 Pawtucket , RI 02861 ( 800 ) 255-5516 hasbroregistration @ hasbro.com We follow our standard policy ( " With whom does Hasbro share my personal information " ( above ) ) for the disclosure of personal information collected from and about children under 13 . Parental Access A parent who has already given Hasbro permission to collect and use his or her child 's personal information can , at any time , do the following : ( 1 ) review , correct , or have deleted the child 's personal information ; and/or , ( 2 ) discontinue further collection or use of the child 's personal information . To do so , please refer to the confirmation email provided to you when you gave consent or contact us at hasbroregistration @ hasbro.com and be sure to include your child 's name and email address , your name and email address , and the name of the site at which your child is registered . To make changes to your child 's demographic information , you may also visit the online profile section of one of our Services . We will be happy to honor your request . Back to start of Hasbro Privacy Policy . If you no longer with to allow your child to upload videos to Youtube or share the videos or voice recordings they are able to make within the application , please delete the application from the device and do not allow your child to use it any longer . 
Privacy Policy Ladbrokes Privacy Policy Last Updated 03 October 2011 This privacy policy applies to the entire contents of this website and other websites operated by the Ladbrokes group of entities ( together , " Ladbrokes " referred to hereon in as " we " or " us " or " our " ( as applicable ) ) including , without limitation , www.ladbrokes.com , www.ladbrokescasino.com and www.ladbrokespoker.com ( each a " Website " , together the " Websites " ) . Please read the policy below carefully before using the Websites . By using or registering on the Websites you accept and agree to the terms of this privacy policy . If you do not accept these terms , do not use the Websites . This privacy policy , together with our general terms of use available here , sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you ( including your name , email address or other details ) ( the " Information " ) or that you provide to us , will be processed by us . Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your Information . Ladbrokes is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to its Websites . We are committed to ensuring that all services and activities made available via our Websites are provided in a safe and secure online environment . Information we may collect from you Use of your information Monitoring of transactions Telephone calls Cookies and tracking Security and privacy Retention and disposal Changes to our policy Accuracy and access to Information We may collect and process the following Information about you : Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Websites . This includes Information provided at the time of registering to use our Websites , subscribing to any of our services , posting material or requesting further services . We may also ask you for Information when you enter a competition or promotion , make a Customer Support enquiry or complaint or when you report a problem with our Websites ; records of correspondence , if you contact us ; your responses to any surveys we conduct for research purposes , although you do not have to respond to such surveys ; details of bets , gaming , payments and other transactions that you conduct on our Websites and details of the fulfilment of your orders ; details of your visits to our Websites including , but not limited to , traffic data , location data , weblogs and other communication data , whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise , and the web pages and resources that you access ; and information and communication on forums on the Websites , for example , chat rooms and message boards ( where applicable ) . You acknowledge that the information provided by you may amount to personal or sensitive data under the Data Protection Act 1998 and you give your consent to your data being processed as set out in this policy . 2.1 We may collect and process Information , including sharing the Information with our third party data processors who process your Information on our behalf , including for the purposes of : setting up , re-activating , operating and managing your Ladbrokes account , including providing the services that you request from us ; building up personal profiles of our customers ; providing you with information about promotional offers . If you do not wish to receive information about promotional offers and future events organised by us , please make sure that you click on the appropriate " opt out option " box on the account registration form . All our marketing and promotional activities will be in compliance with relevant law , including the Communications ( Personal Data & Privacy ) Regulations 2006 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 ; verifying the accuracy of the Information collected from you , including disclosing your Information to third parties ( such as financial institutions , credit reporting agencies and age verification agencies ) in connection with such verification ; preventing fraud , cheating and money laundering , ensuring compliance with our terms of use , reducing credit risk and protecting sports/games integrity , which may require us to disclose your Information and betting and gaming history to third parties such as the relevant regulator , gaming bodies , sporting bodies , financial institutions , agencies responsible for verifying age , the police and credit reporting agencies ; complying with our legal and regulatory duties and responsibilities to the relevant licensing and regulatory authorities as well as all duties and responsibilities owed under any other applicable legislation and to any other applicable regulators in other jurisdictions ; enforcing or applying our terms of use ( Please refer to our Website Terms and Conditions article. )  and other agreements , and to protect the rights , property , or safety of Ladbrokes , our customers , or others ; processing card and on-line payments in connection with our services ( including our Affiliate Program ) ; conducting data cleansing , verification and enhancement exercises , ( for example , verifying your Information against third party databases relating to ' movers ' , ' goneaways ' and recent deaths ) ; any other purpose which is necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations to you ; and undertaking research , conducting surveys , research analyses and obtaining feedback from customers . 2.2 Using the internet to collect and process Information necessarily involves the transmission of Information on an international basis . Some third party processors we engage to process Information on our behalf may be based outside the European Economic Area ( " EEA " ) . Therefore , by browsing our Websites and communicating electronically with us , you acknowledge and agree to the transmission and processing of your Information outside the EEA in this way . Countries outside the EEA do not always have strong data protection laws . However , we will always take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Information is used by third party processors securely and in accordance with this policy . 2.3 Except where we engage third parties to process your Information on our behalf for the purposes listed in paragraph 2.1 above , we will not disclose or sell your Information outside Ladbrokes ' corporate group , except in connection with a joint venture or the proposed or actual sale of the whole or part of Ladbrokes ' business . Unless required to do so by law , we will not otherwise share , sell or distribute any of the Information you provide to us without your consent . All bets , gaming and account transactions are recorded on our computer system . We also carry out routine monitoring of all transactions as they take place to assist us in improving the service that we provide to you . Your telephone conversations either to place a bet or a Customer Support call - may be recorded both to assist us in training and in quality management , and to allow for the speedy resolution of queries . 5.1 A ' cookie ' is a small text file containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your device when you visit a website or use applications . The cookie enables the server to collect information from the browser . 5.2 We use the cookies on our Websites for a number of purposes , including :  to authenticate and identify you on our Websites and applications so we can provide you with the services you request ; to allow you to login to the Websites and to check that your computer is still logged in to the same session while you browse from page to page . While placing bets , Information will be temporarily stored in a cookie until the transaction has been completed . This enables you to get the most out of our products and services . Further , various other settings , such as the language and odds display that you have selected , are stored in cookies for a longer duration so that when you return to the Websites as many of these settings as possible remain the same ; to automatically collect Information about bets and account transactions carried out on our Websites ; for analytical ' purposes such as to keep track of user/customer browsing patterns on the Websites and to build up a profile for a customised browser experience for you . We currently use Google Analytics , a popular web analytics service provided by Google , Inc . Google Analytics uses cookies to help us to analyse how users use our Websites . We also use analytical cookies from additional third party providers ; to deliver adverts and information more relevant to you and your interests and also to help measure the effectiveness of Ladbrokes ' advertising campaigns ; and to compile reports on Website activity and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage . We may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process the information on Ladbrokes ' behalf . 5.3 We use flash , session and persistent cookies on our Websites and applications . Flash cookies are small pieces of information stored and accessed by Adobe Flash , the browser plug-in used by sites . Session cookies are used by the server to store information about user page activities so users can easily pick up where they left off on the server 's pages . Persistent cookies enable a website to remember you on subsequent visits , speeding up or enhancing your experience of services or functions required . 5.4 You can stop the ' tracking ' cookies by altering your browser 's privacy setting to block third party cookies ( the process you follow will differ from browser to browser ) . To find out how to manage and/or delete cookies , please visit : www.aboutcookies.org . However , please note that if you do refuse the use of cookies , you may not be able to use the full functionality of Ladbrokes ' Websites for example , a cookie is needed to remember ' your bet selection when it is transferred to the bet slip . Further , if you set the privacy settings on too high a status , this may cause problems when you next log in to use the Websites . 6.1 We employ security measures to protect your Information from access by unauthorised persons and to prevent unlawful processing , accidental loss , destruction and damage . Protection of your Information , including your registration details and any debit or credit card information you provide to us , is a priority for us . Data on our secure pages is encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer ( " SSL " ) technology . Where we have given you ( or where you have chosen ) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Websites , you are responsible for keeping this password confidential . 6.2 Any personal information which identifies you will be encrypted at all times whilst in transit over the internet . SSL is special protocol that automatically encrypts any information sent by you on our secure pages . Our server then reads the information using a private key . This means that your Information , be it debit or credit card information or any other personal details , is turned into a code that can only be decoded with the private key or password . If your browser is suitably configured , you will receive a warning message when you first access any secure page on the Website . This is simply information to advise you that the Website is protecting your Information . 6.3 Unfortunately , the transmission of Information via the internet is not completely secure . Although Ladbrokes will do its best to protect your Information as described in paragraph 6.2 above , it can not guarantee the security of any Information that you disclose online . You accept the inherent security implications of using the internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent . For your own privacy protection , we encourage you not to include sensitive Information ( such as credit/debit card numbers ) in any emails you may send to us . 6.4 Our Websites may , from time to time , contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks , advertisers and affiliates . If you follow a link to any of these websites , please note that these websites may have their own privacy policies/website terms of use and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies . Please check such policies before you submit any Information to them . It is our policy to retain and make available financial information for a period of 7 years . Other Information will be retained for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes set out in paragraph 2.1 unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law . We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the privacy of Information is maintained on disposal . We may modify this policy from time to time . Any changes to our policy will become effective upon posting of the revised policy on the Websites . 9.1 We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that any Information that we collect from you is accurate and has been verified . 9.2 You are entitled to see the Information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date . We are entitled by law to make a small administrative charge for providing such Information . 9.3 All comments , queries and requests relating to our use of your Information are welcome and should be made in writing or by telephone via the Contact Us section on the Websites Issue Date : 30 October 2009 Related Articles Website Terms and Conditions Site Usage - Poker Responsible Gambling Did we get it right ? Feedback Feedback 
Online-Sweepstakes.com understands that privacy online is important to Visitors of our website . Online-Sweepstakes.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy . This privacy statement discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices . Personally Identifiable Information refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify , contact , or locate the person to whom such information pertains , including , but not limited to , name , address , phone number , fax number , email address , financial profiles , social security number , and credit card information . Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously ( without identification of the individual user ) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual . We may collect basic user profile information from our Visitors . Online-Sweepstakes.com may collect Personally Identifiable Information when a Visitor ( 1 ) registers as a Member of the website , ( 2 ) enters a Sweepstakes and/or Contest administered and/or sponsored by Online-Sweepstakes.com , or ( 3 ) subscribes to our newsletter ( s ) . Some of the Personally Identifiable Information we may collect includes names , addresses , phone numbers and email addresses . We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site , contact winners of our Sweepstakes and Contests , or send out our newsletter ( s ) . We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact our Visitors in response to specific inquiries , to provide requested information , or to provide our Visitors with information regarding our Site which we feel is important enough to warrant such contact . Online-Sweepstakes.com does not and will not sell or share Personally Identifiable Information about our Visitors with third parties unless explicitly authorized by the Visitor to do so . For example , a Visitor 's contact information may be shared with sponsors of our Sweepstakes and/or Contests in order to contact the winner and arrange prize fulfillment . Or , a Visitor 's contact information may be shared with a third party when a Visitor " Opts-In " to receive an offer from said third party . Our privacy policy does not cover their collection or use of this information . We also may disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information , to investigate , prevent or otherwise take action regarding suspected illegal activity or fraud , or to protect the rights , property or safety of Online-Sweepstakes.com , its users and the public . Personally Identifiable Information collected by Online-Sweepstakes.com is securely stored and is not accessible to any third parties except for use as indicated above . Visitors may " Opt-Out " of receiving information from or being contacted by us by responding to emails as instructed , or by contacting us at webmaster @ online-sweepstakes.com . Visitors may update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by going to the following webpage : <a href= " /forums/usercp.php ? " >/forums/usercp.php ?</a> or by emailing us at webmaster @ online-sweepstakes.com . We provide Visitors with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site 's database by contacting webmaster @ online-sweepstakes.com . However , because of backups and records of deletions , it may be impossible to delete a Visitor 's entry without retaining some residual information . An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted , and we will not sell , transfer , or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward . Protecting the privacy of children is especially important . For that reason , we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13 . This site makes chat rooms , forums , and/or message boards available to its users . Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information . Cookies are used by Online-Sweepstakes.com for a variety of reasons . We use Cookies to store information about the preferences of our Visitors and use that data to tailor the Visitor 's experience at our site , and to display the Site 's content according to their preferences . We also use Cookies to store the usernames and passwords of our Members . Passwords are encrypted to prevent unautorized access of our Members ' accounts and information . This website contains links to other websites . Please note that when you click on one of these links , you are moving to another website . We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours . We will let our Visitors know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site . However , if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor has previously requested not be disclosed , we will contact such Visitor to the Visitor to prevent such disclosure . Online-Sweepstakes.com P.O . Box 157 Springfield , OH 45501 Email Address : webmaster @ online-sweepstakes.com 
Planet Minecraft : Privacy Policy We here at Planet Minecraft greatly respect your privacy and we hope that our users feel that the information they share with us is 100 % secure and private . Here are the guidelines we follow at Planet Minecraft to ensure your privacy and our integrity :  We will never share your email with third parties . It will only be used for account activation & occasional Planet Minecraft important news & announcements which you can opt out of . The Planet Minecraft staff will NEVER ask for your password . If someone does ask for your password or other info , please immediately notify us . We use IP addresses to analyze trends , administer the site , track user 's movement , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use . IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information . This web site contains links to other sites . Please be aware that Planet Minecraft is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites . We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information . This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website . We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website . These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here . If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes on the news so our users are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under circumstances , if any , we disclose it . If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected , we will notify users by way of an e-mail . Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner . We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected . Planet Minecraft will never , under any circumstances give away or display your IP address to third parties . Additionally , Planet Minecraft will never sell or transmit e-mail addresses or any other personal identifiers to 3rd parties . If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy , please do not hesitate to Contact Us ! Thank you for your cooperation . 2013 Planetminecraft.com . All rights reserved . All creations copyright of the creators . Minecraft is copyright Mojang AB and is not affiliated with this site . Get the game ! 
We want our users to always be aware of any information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it . We respect each site visitor 's right to personal privacy . To that end , we collect and use information throughout our website only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy . This statement applies solely to information collected on this website . For each visitor to our website , our web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address . used to improve the content of our Web page . used to notify visitors about updates to our Web site . never shared with other organizations for commercial purposes . Registration is not required to enter our site . However , subscription to certain services may require a user to complete a registration form . During registration a user must give certain contact information , but we never sell or give away this information . It is only gathered to contact the user about services on our site for which s/he has expressed interest . It is optional for the user to provide demographic information ( income level , gender , etc. ) , and unique identifiers ( username , password , etc. ) . Giving additional information helps provide a more personalized experience on our site , but is not required . We publish a newsletter , and we never sell or share our subscribers ' email or mailing addresses . We operate online surveys , and we never sell or share our subscribers ' email addresses . We do show advertisement to our users , which is handled by Google Adsense , FastClick , CasaleMedia.com & ValueClick.com . So any such concerns with our advertising , should be directed to them respectedly . Google , as a third-party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on your site . Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet . Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy . If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement . We are committed to resolving disputes within 24-48 hours . If problems arise , users may contact via our contact form . If site users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact us via our contact page . For the amusement and greater good of all the gamers of FreeOnlineGames.com : We reserve the right to alter , delete , jump on , kick , smackdown , nuke or do with the reviews whatever we please . If you have any objections with that , please refrain from posting - thank you . 
Our Commitment To Privacy Your privacy is important to us . We provide this policy to better protect you , and to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used . To make this notice easy to find , we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested . During user registration , we collect the following information : Username Email address IP address Birthday Country ( optional ) The username you supply will be used as an identifier when posting content to our website . An email address is required to register for the forums as your login details will be sent to it . Your email address will not be publicly displayed on any part of the website , but it will be visible to Team Liquid staff . Your birthday is required to ensure our compliance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act and will be displayed in your Team Liquid profile . Your IP address is recorded to monitor abuse resulting from multiple registrations under the same IP address . As part of our site features , we offer a forum and other features on which you can freely post any text . If you choose to disclose personally identifying information , be aware that Team Liquid is a public web site and anyone is able to read your posts , so there is no expectation of privacy for user-generated content . Where applicable , we will moderate any posts that violate US law in regards to information disclosed about other individuals . The website features a private messaging system which allows you to send message to other users on the website . The messages you exchange over the private messaging system can only be read by the recipient user account or Team Liquid administrators . The Team Liquid administrators will only access private message details if they suspect the message might be spam / advertising or otherwise malicious in nature , or if required to do so by law . We can not be responsible for any disclosure of private message contents by the recipient . As an optional feature of the user profile page , you may upload an image such as a photo of yourself . This image will be visible to other users through your Team Liquid profile page . At any time , you can modify or delete this image through your user profile settings . During your usage of the website , your browser will open connections and send requests to our web server . The server will log each request with your IP address , date and time , status code , browser version ( user agent ) , HTTP referrer and the resource requested . We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our site . These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here . We use the information you provide to better identify yourself to other users . Your username , country and birthday can be viewed by anyone visiting our website . Your username will identify you in any posts you make to the website forums . Your email address will not be shared with third parties for marketing , spam , or promotional activities . We may use your email address to identify you in moderation actions , for instance when a user creates multiple accounts and uses them maliciously . Your email address will also be used to reset your password , though if you lose access to that particular email , we can change it or reset your password manually . From time to time , we may use your email address to send low-volume important site announcements . If you do not wish to receive these announcements , an opt-out link will be provided in each email and you may disable the emails at any time through your profile settings . We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers . For example , we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website , or that Y number of 18 year olds play Protoss and Z number of SK Telecom Fans filled out our registration form , but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals . The web server logs are used to troubleshoot issues with the website and to generate aggregate site statistics . Should we determine that a problem with the site is being caused by a particular IP address , we may match the IP address in the log files with registered user accounts in order to initiate contact with the user causing problems . Except as where required by law , we will never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses . We use cookies to store visitors preferences and record session information , such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart and automatic login information . Cookies are also used to track users to help prevent multiple user registrations from the same individual . You may opt to disable cookies from your web browsers privacy settings , but doing so will negatively impact your ability to use the registered user features which rely on cookies to verify your identity . Team Liquid runs on dedicated hosting servers which only a few trusted site staff have access to . These servers are housed in a professionally managed and secure data center in New York , USA . For compliance with US law , we prohibit children under the age of 13 from supplying any information to us which might contain personally identifying information . You can access your country and birthday through your TeamLiquid profile page . Making changes to your information requires inputting your password so that only authorized users may change your information . Your registered email address can be changed by contacting an administrator . To protect your privacy and security , we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections on your behalf . Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies , please talk to us by sending a Personal Message to any of the red named Moderators or contacting us via the " Contact " link at the bottom of the page . From time to time , we may use customer information for new , unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice . If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses . If you are concerned about how your information is used , you should check back at our Web site periodically . 
XBMC : General disclaimer ( Redirected from XBMC : Privacy policy ) XBMC Media Center is a free and open source cross-platform media player and home entertainment system software . The services for the XBMC software ( including developer tools , resources , download areas , files , source code , product information , documentation , communication forums , bug tracker , wiki , etc. all collectively called " services " ) that the XBMC Project , its members , and websites provide are for the purpose of providing support to the XBMC community . The structure of the project allows anyone to alter the contents of provided in these services . These services and all content , products and services on them are provided on an as is , " with all faults " , and " as available " basis , without warranty of any kind , either express or implied . Your use of these services is at your own risk . XBMC disclaims all warranties , express or implied , including without limitation , warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose . XBMC disclaims liability for any direct , indirect , incidental , special , consequential , exemplary , punitive or other damages , or lost profits , that may result directly or indirectly from the use of these services and any material that is downloaded or obtained through the use of these services . This includes , without limitation , any damage to computer systems , hardware or software , loss of data , or any other performance failures , any errors , bugs , viruses or other defects that result from , or are associated with the use of this website . None of the contributors , sponsors , administrators , or anyone else connected with XBMC in any way whatsoever can be responsible for the appearance of any inaccurate or libelous information or for your use of the information contained in or linked from these services . Please make sure that you understand that the information provided by any of these services is being provided freely , and that no kind of agreement or contract is created between you and the owners or users of these services , the owners of the servers upon which it is housed , the individual contributors to these services , any project administrators , sysops or anyone else who is in any way connected with the XBMC project subject to your claims against them directly . You are being granted a limited license to copy anything from this site ; it does not create or imply any contractual or extracontractual liability on the part of XBMC or any of its agents , members , organizers or other users . There is no agreement or understanding between you and XBMC regarding your use or modification of this information beyond the Creative Commons Attribution-Sharealike 3.0 Unported License ( CC-BY-SA ) ; neither is anyone at XBMC responsible should someone change , edit , modify or remove any information that you may post on any service provided for XBMC . Only text is assumed to be released under the Creative Commons Attribution-Sharealike 3.0 Unported License . Images are assumed to be under a different license unless otherwise specifically noted . Any of the trademarks , service marks , collective marks , design rights or similar rights that are mentioned , used or cited in the services provided for XBMC are the property of their respective owners . Their use in any XBMC service does not imply that you may use them for any other purpose other than for the same or a similar use as contemplated by the original authors of content provided by these services under the CC-BY-SA licensing scheme . Unless otherwise stated XBMC are neither endorsed by nor affiliated with any of the holders of any such rights and as such XBMC can not grant any rights to use any otherwise protected materials . Your use of any such or similar incorporeal property is at your own risk . Publication of information found in any of the services provided for XBMC may be in violation of the laws of the country or jurisdiction from where you are viewing this information . The servers providing these services are located in different locations of the world and is maintained in reference to the protections afforded under local and federal law in respect to their location . Laws in your country or jurisdiction may not protect or allow the same kinds of speech or distribution . XMBC does not encourage the violation of any laws ; and can not be responsible for any violations of such laws , should you link to the domain of the websites of these services or use , reproduce , or republish the information contained therein . Yes , it gives most of us a headache to read all of this , but it 's important so thank you for your patience and now , enjoy XBMC ! Category : XBMC Log in / create accountProject pageDiscussionReadView sourceView history Google Search Navigation Wiki help Toolbox This page was last modified on 13 November 2013 , at 22 : 34 . 
PRIVACY POLICY The Florida Lottery recognizes the importance of privacy to visitors of the Florida Lottery website . Therefore , visitors should be aware of the following information :  Visitors should be aware that , subject to certain statutory exceptions , most documents and records maintained by the state of Florida , including but not limited to electronic data , are public records under Florida law . Therefore , information submitted through this website may be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request . Records required to be maintained pursuant to the laws of Florida will be retained and disposed of in accordance with applicable record retention schedules . In order to generate usage statistics to help us improve our website , we automatically collect certain information on every visitor to the website . However , this information does not disclose " personal identifiers " ( such as name , address , telephone number , email address , etc. ) . Each time a request is made to view a page within this website , our website creates a log file capturing generic user information . Examples of this type of information includes the type of Internet browser or computer operating system you are using , the date and time you accessed this site , the Internet protocol address of the individual computer ( or proxy server ) making the request , and the Internet address of the site from which you may have linked to this site . All information collected by way of server log files is used in aggregate form only , and may be analyzed for trends and statistics . This website will not collect personally identifiable information ( such as name , address , telephone number , etc. )  unless you provide such information voluntarily . We may ask for such information so that we can tailor interactive features of this website to your specific interests and needs ( including periodically forwarding information that matches your selected interests ) . You are free to provide or to not provide the requested information . If you choose to not provide this type of information , you can still visit most of the website , but you may be unable to participate in certain online forums . Any personal information voluntarily provided by visitors , including personal information submitted on online forms and email , will be used for the purposes stated on the web page and may also be shared with other agencies as required by law or pursuant to agency authority . Information submitted through this website also may be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request . Visitors who submit information via this website should be aware that data linking your computer to this website ( a " cookie " ) may be created . Temporary cookies may be used when necessary to complete a transaction , to process data submitted to us online or to facilitate ongoing Internet interaction . Information collected on our websites , including cookies , may also be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request . Some hypertext links on the Florida Lottery website link to other sites and other third parties . By clicking on any of these links , you are leaving our website . The Florida Lottery has no control over the information collected by any third party after you have left the Florida Lottery website . The Florida Lottery encourages you to read their privacy policies . The data collection , usage and disclosure practices of any third party linked to the Florida Lottery website are not covered by this Privacy Policy . The Florida Lottery assumes no liability and is not responsible for any practices of such third party websites , including their privacy practices or content , or disclosure of information by third parties . Reference to any websites linked to this site does not constitute an endorsement by the Florida Lottery . The Florida Lottery is not responsible for the contents of any websites linked to this site , and any views expressed on such websites do not necessarily represent the views of the Florida Lottery . You assume any and all risk associated with the use of any website linked to this site . The Florida Lottery does not guarantee or warrant any information , services or products advertised or offered on such websites . Any further questions concerning the privacy policy for the Florida Lottery website should be directed to the Lottery 's Customer Service Department or by phone at ( 850 ) 487-7787 . 
4 : 32 PM on 03.25.2006 0 0 Reddit0Share0Tweet00Share1 Destructoid is a trusted community site so we hold ourselves to the highest privacy standards . Simply put -- We would never sell your email address , nor share it with with anyone , or ever spam you -- ever , end of story . We also have everything in place to keep the bad guys out . We would also never ask you for your passwords , credit card , phone , etc . We do n't even care if you do n't give us your real name , to be honest . Did you know ? You have a privacy account page to help you manage your information . By becoming a member of the Destructoid video game community , you are only agreeing to become a virtual person in our world and discuss video games . Seriously , that 's all there is to it . Easy , eh ? Yes , as it should be . ( ahem ! )  We also follow all rules set forth by the Online Privacy Alliance Destructoid.com is committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users . The following statement details our ongoing support for the responsible collection and management of Internet user information . When we display an advertisement on your computer , we do not collect any personal identifiable information about you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address . Destructoid.com does , like other Internet advertisers , collect certain information which can not personally identify you . ( Specifically : Cookies ! ) This category of information is generally referred to as non-personally-identifiable information includes information like the server or internet service provider you use , type of browser used . There are some cases where you , the Internet user , may voluntarily provide personal information in response to a particular ad ( a survey or purchase order form ) . In such cases the third party advertising with Destructoid.com may collect this information on behalf of an advertiser . The advertiser in turn uses this information to reply to your request . Furthermore , Destructoid.com does not divulge any information regarding the users who use email for correspondence with the webmaster or any representative of Destructoid.com . Destructoid does not sell its own ads . We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when you visit our Web site . These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on our Web Site , other web sites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , check out http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . In layman 's terms : it 's just a cookie that says " hey you saw this ad already " or " ok , he clicked on a banner ad for leather rock pants , lets show this guy more of those. "  We do n't share any information from your personal account with advertisers . ( i ) Entities that are not affiliated with Associate , such as Gaikai ( collectively , Providers ) may provide certain products and/or services ( e.g. , the Gaikai Service ) on behalf of Associate ; and ( ii ) Associate may disclose and/or share with Gaikai ( as a Provider ) certain data and other information regarding visitors ' usage of the Associate Site ( collective , Usage Data ) , and/or regarding the individuals who access and use the Gaikai Service and the Licensed Content by means of the Associate Sites , and may allow Gaikai ( as a Provider ) to collect and use certain Usage Data and other information regarding such individuals , their respective computer system configurations and performance characteristics , and their use of the Gaikai Service and the Licensed Content . Such information may include information that is not personally identifiable ( e.g. , computer CPU , graphics card , stability of Internet connectivity , latency , etc. ) , and may also include personally identifiable information regarding such individuals ( e.g. , email addresses , etc. )  and/or information that some jurisdictions consider to be personally identifiable information , such as an IP address . Gaikai 's collection , retention and use of any and all such information shall be subject to Gaikai 's corporate privacy policy , as posted on http : //www.gaikai.com/privacy , which policy may be amended by Gaikai from time to time , at its sole discretion , both during and after the term of the Agreement . Even the best policy ca n't protect your online privacy and security in all circumstances . Unscrupulous advertisers , hackers , and scam artists are constantly searching the Internet looking for new targets . Your best protection is to understand the limits to privacy on the Internet and use common sense in all of your on-line activities . Be aware that e-mail is an inherently insecure form of communication . Remember that third parties are sometimes able to illegally intercept your unencrypted messages , including online greetings . Anytime you visit a chat room or post a message to an on-line bulletin board , your e-mail address can be accessed by advertisers looking to compile lists for unsolicited commercial e-mail ( also known as spam ) . Be sure that you only disclose your e-mail address in circumstances in which it is safe to do so . Beware of scams in which persons unknown to you request your screen name , password , or credit card information . Make sure you verify the identity of anyone asking for personal information . Always monitor your children 's on-line activities and educate them as to the rules for safe Internet use . For more information , click here for the Internet Education Foundation 's Online Safety Guide for Kids . If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this Website , you can contact the site owner at niero @ destructoid.com . I will do our best to reply within 48 hours . 
Last modified October 8 , 2013 . Table of Contents Welcome What does the Privacy Policy apply to ? What information does Wizards collect ? Chat , Forums , Blogs , and Discussion Lists Online Stores Promotions E-mail Web Postcards Resumes Online Surveys Who is collecting my information and how will it be used ? With whom does Wizards share my personal information ? Social Media International Transfer of Information ? Clear GIFs , Cookies and IP Addresses Log Files Linking to third party sites Opt-out Safeguarding your personal information Review , update , and removal of personal information Your California Privacy Rights Questions and Complaints Note to Parents Teenages ( Ages 13-17 ) Children Under 13 Collection and Use of Children 's Personal Information Disclosure of Children 's Personal Information Safeguarding Children 's Personal Information Notification of Updates to the Privacy Policy Parental Access Wizards Contact Information Wizards of the Coast web sites bring you the coolest information about the world of hobby gaming Wizards of the Coast web sites bring you the latest about the world of hobby gaming , a place to meet and play with other gamers like you , and discover some of the best independent and strategy games available . If you are a parent or guardian and are interested in knowing more about Wizards ' policy regarding the online collection of information from children , we recommend reviewing the Note To Parents below . Wizards respects the privacy rights of its online visitors and is committed to providing you with a secure online environment . We have adopted an Online Privacy Policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) that guides how we collect , store and use the information you provide us online . This Privacy Statement and the certification seal located to your right confirms that Wizards is a valid licensee and participating member in the Entertainment Software Rating Board 's Privacy Online Program : ESRB Privacy Online . To protect your privacy , we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and all our web sites have been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Online to meet established online information collection and use practices . As part of this privacy program , we are subject to frequent audits of our sites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB . Whenever you visit a web site that displays the ESRB Privacy Online certification seal , you can expect to be notified of :  Exactly what personal information may be collected ; The consequences , if any , resulting from your refusal to provide personal information ; Who , if anyone , is collecting your personal information ; How this information may be used , including , with whom , if anyone , it might be shared ; Whether a company uses cookies or tracks IP Addresses to collect information ; What choices you have with regard to the use of your personal information ; How a company ensures data security , quality , and integrity ; How you can access and , if necessary , change the personal information a company collects and maintains ; Where and how to ask questions or file complaints ; and , Whether and how information is collected from Children under 13 . If you have any questions , complaints , or comments regarding our privacy statement or policies , please contact the Privacy Policy Administrator . Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O . Box 707 Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ For complaints , you can also contact ESRB Privacy Online directly through their consumer hotline , or by regular mail at 317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor , New York , NY 10017 . Back to top This privacy policy applies to all web sites operated or controlled by Wizards including www.wizards.com ( collectively , all such websites shall be referred to as the " Sites " ) . This privacy policy does not pertain to information that is collected offline . BY USING THE SITES , YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED BELOW . IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITES . Back to top Wizards wants to give you the most exciting Internet experience possible . To help us figure out what you like and do n't like about our sites , we may ask for your opinion from time to time . Wizards may request and/or collect information from you on a voluntary basis when you :  create a profile to participate in Wizards community features shop at one of our affiliate online stores give credit card information to make purchases from our Sites * enter a shipping and billing address when making a purchase participate in contests , events , or promotions send questions or comments to Wizards customer service submit your resume to us online fill out online surveys * While Wizards may collect credit card data from its customers from time to time , it will also use third party credit card processing companies to process your payment transactions . When it is using such a third party processing company , Wizards will not have access to your credit card data . The requested information may include personal information such as your name , e-mail address , telephone number , and home address . In addition , we may request demographic information such as your age , the gender and birth dates of children in your household , and toy and game ownership and preferences . If you are under the age of 13 , some features of the Sites may be unavailable to you . For others , you will need your parent or guardian 's consent before you can provide any personal information to us for purposes of registration and other online activities . Kids , if you are ever unsure about anything you are seeing on this Site , ask your parent or guardian for help . See Note To Parents below for more information . To register an account with Wizards , you must provide a date of birth , first name and last name , city , country , postal code , gender , e-mail address , password and screen name . Your personal profile ( Your Profile ) will be automatically populated with the screen name , birth date , gender , country and postal code you provided at registration . The information in Your Profile , including any information or content you voluntarily add to Your Profile such as first and last name and images you upload , will be made public by default and will not be subject to this policy , unless you set Your Profile to Private . To change Your Profile privacy settings , go to Your Profile page and click on Profile in the left navigation menu . Then click Privacy Settings . In this section , you may also change Your Profile information , who can view your page and activity , and who can contact you on the Site , as well as control how we communicate with you . Your Profile will be searchable by screen name , full name , city , state/province , country , age , and postal code . You can change this by selecting Exclude me from search results in Privacy Settings . Please note : The photo you selected ( you are not required to upload a personal photo ) as your avatar and your screen name will always display on your page , posts , and in search results . If you choose to populate Your Profile with your full name , your full name will display on Your Profile unless you set Your Profile to private as described above . Information and content you choose to make public either through Your Profile , or by posting on the Sites , are not subject to this policy . Wizards collects information from you at other points on the Sites , as described below :  Message Boards , Blogs and Social Networking Wizards provides message boards , blogs and other public forums on the Sites for exchanging information and social networking . Please note that information , user content or any other materials that you post on our Sites , including any information from Your Profile that you choose to make public , will be available for any user of that service to read , and are therefore no longer private and may be disclosed without limitations as to use by a third party . If you post information , materials or other content on the Sites or other public forum , you are providing information that can be collected and used by others that you do not know for their own purposes , including the distribution of unsolicited communications . Online Stores Visitors purchasing goods and services through one of our affiliate online stores will need to provide a valid credit card number and expiration date , in addition to name , mailing address , phone number and e-mail address . Promotions To participate in some of our promotions , you may be asked to provide an e-mail address or screen name , so that we can let you know if you won a prize . For other Wizards promotions , we may request your name and home address in order to send you products or information by regular mail . Customer Service E-mails By requesting your e-mail address to respond to your customer service question or comment , we are not attempting to collect any personal information about you for marketing purposes . We will only use personal information ( such as name , mailing address and e-mail address ) contained in your e-mail to respond to your specific inquiry or comments in the e-mail . Although we may retain your name , e-mail address , and other information you provide , we will not use any personal information contained in your e-mail for any purpose other than responding to your specific inquiry or comments . Wizards Play Network ( WPN ) Participants including store owners and event organizers have the opportunity to sign up with the Wizards Play Network ( WPN ) in order to participate in organized play events . Participants must provide certain identifiable information to be eligible to participate in these events . Resumes Our Sites allow for the online submission of resumes . Personal information collected from resumes is not subject to this Privacy Policy . However , we can assure you that such information will be used solely for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings . Online Surveys In order to improve the user experience at our Site , we may employ online surveys for visitors to volunteer anonymous demographic information about themselves and provide us feedback about why they visit our Sites and what we can do to make them better . Information collected through these surveys is anonymous ; we can not identify who is submitting the information or tie it to other personally identifiable information a user may have provided us through another means . Whatever the activity may be , we will only collect information to the extent it is reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives . If you do not want to submit personal information when requested , you will not be able to access certain areas on our Sites or take advantage of certain features of our Sites . However , you do not need to provide personal information to Wizards in order to use our Sites . Back to top Wizards collects the personal information you provide on our Sites . We may use the information you submit to our Sites to send you advertising or promotional materials , including information about new products , contests , features and enhancements , special offers and other events of interest . We may also use your personal information for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the products and services we provide you and can better meet your needs . The demographic information ( e.g. , age and gender ) you provide us is collected by Wizards and may be disclosed in aggregate to third parties . This aggregate demographic information can not be used to personally identify you or your computer . Third parties who fulfill Site-related services such as hosting may collect the personal information you provide on our Sites . These third parties will not use your personal information for any purpose other than to provide the Site-related services , and have agreed to maintain confidentiality , surveys , security , and integrity of your personal information . Third parties that advertise through or serve ads on our Sites may gather non-personally identifying data about the advertisements you viewed and the Site pages that interest you through the use of cookies and clear GIFs ( these technologies are described below ) . This information helps advertisers determine which kinds of advertisements you might prefer . Wizards ' privacy policy does not cover the policies or practices of these third parties . Visitors should consult the third parties ' privacy notices . Back to top Wizards may share your information with its related entities , including its parent and sister companies . Wizards may share your personal information with outside entities hired to assist with internal web site support operations ( e.g. , community operations , online product fulfillment , e-mail services , or technical support ) . These entities will not use your personal information for any other purpose , and have agreed to maintain confidentiality , surveys , security , and integrity of all the personal information they obtain from us . Wizards also may disclose your personal information in order to fulfill a service to you . For example , if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest , we may use your personally identifiable information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion . This means that we may share the information for prize fulfillment purposes or mail carriers . Also , if you make a purchase on one of our sites , your credit card data may have to be disclosed to an unaffiliated third party payment processing company as necessary to complete your purchase ( for example , to process your credit card ) . In the event that such data is shared , Wizards will take all reasonable steps to ensure the applicable third parties protect the data adequately . We may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law , including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringements , or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability . Except as set forth herein , Wizards of the Coast LLC , as a subsidiary of Hasbro , Inc. does not sell , rent , or otherwise disclose personal information collected from and about its users ( including children under 13 ) to third parties . However , in the event of a merger , acquisition , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event , Wizards ' customer information may be transferred to Wizards ' successor or assign , if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law . You also can engage with our content on or through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook and Twitter ( or third-party social media plug-ins and applications ) . When you engage with our content on or through third-party social networking sites , plug-ins and applications , you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the likes ' you make ) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application . We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on , ) from your interaction with our content . When you provide information from your social media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our websites ( and/or applications ) , and ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news , special offerings , and rewards . By doing so , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our privacy policy . When you provide personal information to us through an application , on our sites , or on social networking sites , it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we can not prevent further use of the information by third parties . Through some social networking sites ' privacy settings , you can control what data you share . For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information , please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use . If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information , Wizards may transfer that information to its parent , affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties , across borders , and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world . If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and by providing your personally identifiable information you consent to :  * the use of your personally identifiable information for the uses identified above in accordance with this privacy policy ; and * the transfer of your personally identifiable information to the United States as indicated above . Back to top Clear GIFs , sometimes called " web bugs " or pixel tags , are file objects , usually a graphic image such as a transparent one pixel-by-one pixel GIF ( Graphics Interchange Format , one of the two most common file formats for images on the Web ) , that are placed on a Web page or in an e-mail message to monitor user behavior . The GIF tells us the IP address of the computer that fetched our page , the URL of the page the GIF is on , the time the page was viewed , the type of browser used , and it can also identify a previously set cookie value . This anonymous information is returned by the clear GIF to Wizards and we use this information to accurately count visitors across our web sites and understand how they navigate and use our network of web sites . Wizards does not combine information gathered through clear GIFs with your personal information . Wizards uses " cookies " to enhance your experience at our Sites . Cookies are pieces of information that we place on your computer to help us accurately understand how many consumers are visiting a particular site , how often they visit that site and what content they are most interested in viewing . For example , a cookie will allow us to remember certain things based on your Internet Protocol or " IP " address ( an IP address is the string of numbers that identifies each sender or receiver of information that is sent across the Internet ) , such as the time and duration of your visits , how you navigated through our content and where you exited a particular site . Wizards ' web sites collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration , to report aggregate information to our advertisers , and to audit the use of our web sites . When visitors request pages on one of our web sites , our servers log the visitors ' IP addresses . We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable , which means that a user 's session will be logged , but the user remains anonymous to us . We can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our community rules Code of Conduct or posted Legal Notice , or to protect our services , web sites , customers , or others . Back to top Other information passively collected by Wizards is in the form of logs -- files that record web site activity and gather statistics about web users ' browsing habits . These entries are generated anonymously , and help Wizards determine ( among other things ) how many and how often users have visited our web sites , which pages they 've visited , and other similar data . We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the online services we provide you . Back to top To provide relevant information not found on our Sites and to facilitate online shopping , Wizards may provide links from our Sites to third party web sites . We encourage our users to read third party sites ' privacy policies before submitting personal information ..  Back to top If you do not want Wizards to send you e-mail or regular mail about our products and/or services , you can opt-out at the time of registration or at the time of information collection . If you are receiving e-mails or regular mail and at a later date you choose to opt-out and have your name removed from Wizards ' e-mail list , you can do so by using the link included with a Wizards e-mail or by contacting customer service . Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O . Box 707 Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ Back to top Wizards will only collect personal information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes , and we will take appropriate steps to ensure the security and integrity of any information you provide to us . Any information provided to us is housed in a PCI-certified secure datacenter , accessible by limited Wizards personnel secured with passkeys and under 24-hour video surveillance . Wizards uses Secure Sockets Layering , an industry-standard protocol for certain of your transmissions to us , in order to encrypt the personal information that you send to us through account registration and payment processes . We store your information in an encrypted format . Back to top If you have registered with our site , you may at any time review and/or update the contact information we have for you or inform us that you want us to remove your information from our database by contacting customer service . Please be sure to include in your message the name of the feature for which you registered and the e-mail address you used to register so that we can verify your request . Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O . Box 707 Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ Back to top Beginning on January 1 , 2005 , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Wizards who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . We do not share our customer 's personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes . To make such a request , contact customer service :  Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O . Box 707 Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ Back to top Any questions or complaints about Wizards or this privacy statement can be addressed by contacting Customer Service : Wizards contact options : Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O . Box 707 Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ We reserve the right to change this statement at any time , so visit this page from time to time to check for changes . For additional information about our web sites , please see our Terms and Conditions of Use . Back to top Wizards has developed its web sites to be an enjoyable experience for children ( and adults ) of all ages . Wizards recognizes that some younger children may not understand some of the information contained on the web sites or how the web sites operate . That is the purpose of the Privacy Statement . Please discuss this statement with your children so that they will better understand how to use the web sites and the information they may be asked to provide . Wizards strongly believes that providing its visitors with accurate and adequate notice about the web sites will lead to informed choices and decisions about how to use the web sites , as well as protect its users ' privacy . If you have any questions or comments about our policy , please contact us using the Contact Information provided below . For all other issues , please contact Wizards Customer Service . Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O . Box 707 Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ Back to top Teenagers ( Ages 13-17 )  Wizards may collect personal information from users over 13 and under 18 ( " teenager " ) . When a web site user in this age category submits personal information , Wizards may request a parent or guardian 's e-mail address to notify the parent or guardian of the teenager 's activity . Personal information collected from these visitors is subject to the policies set forth above ..  Back to top Children Under 13 Collection and Use of Children 's Personal Information Wizards may collect and store personal information about children under 13 ( " children " or " child " ) if it is submitted by way of our registration form and with the parent 's or legal guardian 's verifiable consent . To determine who is younger than 13 years old and whether parental consent is required , we ask all users who wish to register to submit their date of birth . Those users that indicate they are under 13 years of age are directed to a Parental Consent Form . The Parental Consent Form is available for viewing here , and it must be signed and returned to Wizards by mail or fax , before we will collect information from users who have indicated they are under 13 . If given verifiable permission from a parent or legal guardian , Wizards may collect and store the following types of personal information about a child under 13 : name , e-mail address , mailing address , parent 's or legal guardian 's name , and parent 's or legal guardian 's email address . Wizards may also collect demographic information about a child such as the child 's date of birth , gender , and other preferences ; and , combine such information with the child 's personal information . Wizards will only collect this information if it is voluntarily submitted to us by the child or parent/ legal guardian and provided with the parent 's or legal guardian 's signed permission . We do not gather personal information about a child through the use of passive collection mechanisms such as cookies . For more information on how we use cookies and other information collection tools , please see our section on cookies ( provided above ) . The information that a child provides on his/her registration form may be used to : ( a ) allow the child to participate in activities on our web sites ( e.g. , contests ) ; and , ( b ) allow us to send the child promotional materials , including information about new products , contests , features and enhancements , special offers , and other events of interest . Wizards may share kids ' personal information with outside entities hired to assist with internal website support operations ( e.g. , online product fulfillment , e-mail services , or technical support ) . These entities will not use kids ' personal information for any other purpose , and have agreed to maintain confidentiality , surveys , security , and integrity of all the personal information they obtain from us . We may also use the information for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so that we can constantly improve the products and services we provide our visitors and to better meet their needs . Please note that we are prohibited from conditioning a child 's participation in an activity - like contests - on the child 's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity . To read about the steps Wizards takes to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of children 's personal information , please see our section on " Safeguarding your personal information " ( above ) . In some instances , certain portions of our web sites ( e.g. , electronic postcards ) will allow children under 13 to submit personal information such as their e-mail addresses without first obtaining their parents ' or legal guardians ' consent . Such portions of our web sites operate activities or provide services in a way that does not require prior parental consent under the law . Other areas of our web sites will facilitate a child 's participation in our Community features such as forums , wikis , and blogs , as well as creation of a profile . Your child 's participation may result in public disclosure of the personal information he or she posts through these features . We will take all reasonable measures to delete any personal information of a child posted through our Community features if and when such information is discovered . Back to top Disclosure of Children 's Personal Information Wizards may share children 's personal information with outside entities hired to assist with internal web site support operations ( e.g. , community operations , online product fulfillment , e-mail services , or technical support ) . These web sites will not use this personal information for any other purpose , and have agreed to maintain confidentiality , surveys , security , and integrity of all the personal information they obtain from us . We may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law , including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringements , or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability . Wizards , as a subsidiary of Hasbro , Inc. does not sell , rent , or otherwise disclose personal information collected from and about its users ( including children under 13 ) to third parties . However , in the event of a merger , acquisition , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event , Wizards ' customer information may be transferred to Wizards ' successor or assign , if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law . Back to top Safeguarding Children 's Personal Information Wizards will only collect personal information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes , and we will take appropriate steps to ensure the security and integrity of any information your child provides to us . Any information provided to us is housed in a secure datacenter , accessible by limited Wizards personnel . Back to top Notification of Updates to Privacy Policy Changes to the privacy policy will be made to this page . We may also notify customers via email and/or other means , in our discretion . Back to top Parental Access A parent who has already given Wizards permission to collect and use his or her child 's personal information can , at any time review , correct , or have deleted the child 's personal information or discontinue further collection and use of the child 's personal information . To do so , please contact us using the contact information below and be sure to include the following :  Your child 's name and e-mail address Your name and e-mail address The name of the feature for which your child is registered We will be happy to honor your request . Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O . Box 707 Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ Back to top Wizards Contact Information Any personal information that a child provides to our web sites for purposes of registration is collected by Wizards . Wizards contact information is as follows :  Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O . Box 707 Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ webregistration @ wizards.comWizards is a licensee of the ESRB 's Privacy Online Program . If you believe that we have not properly responded to your inquiry , you may also contact ESRB Privacy Online at http : //www.esrb.org/privacy/contact.jsp ESRB Attn. : Director , Privacy Online 317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor New York , NY 10017 privacy @ esrb.org 
NIH Web Privacy Notice Protecting your privacy is very important to us . Our Web site links to other National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) sites , federal agency sites and occasionally , to private organizations . Once you leave the primary NIH.gov site , you are subject to the privacy policy for the site ( s ) you are visiting . We do not collect any personally identifiable information ( PII ) about you during your visit to NIH Web sites unless you choose to provide it to us . We do , however , collect some data about your visit to our Web site to help us better understand how the public uses the site and how to make it more helpful . We collect information from visitors who read , browse , and/or download information from our Web site . NIH never collects information for commercial marketing or any purpose unrelated to the NIH mission and goals . When visitors send email messages containing personal information to the general NIH.gov email box NIHinfo @ od.nih.gov , NIH staff responds to the letters and files them . Only designated staff members requiring access to the emails to respond , may view , or answer them . When you browse through any Web site , certain information about your visit can be collected . We automatically collect and temporarily store the following type of information about your visit :  Domain from which you access the Internet ; IP address ( an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when surfing the Web ) ; Operating system and information about the browser used when visiting the site ; Date and time of your visit ; Pages you visited ; and , Address of the Web site that connected you to an NIH Web site ( such as google.com or bing.com ) . We use this information to measure the number of visitors to our site and its various sections and to help make our site more useful to visitors . Up to top NIH Web sites use a variety of different Web measurement software tools . NIH.gov uses Webtrends and Google Analytics measurement software to collect the information in the bulleted list in the Types of Information Collected section above . Webtrends and Google Analytics collect information automatically and continuously . No personally identifiable information is collected . The NIH staff conducts analyses and reports on the aggregated data from Webtrends and Google Analytics . The reports are only available to NIH.gov managers , members of the NIH.gov Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties . NIH also uses online surveys to collect opinions and feedback from a random sample of visitors . NIH.gov uses the ForeSee Results ' American Customer Satisfaction Index ( ACSI ) online survey to obtain feedback and data on visitors ' satisfaction with the NIH.gov Web site . This survey does not collect personally identifiable information . Although the survey invitation pops up for a random sample of visitors , it is optional . If you decline the survey , you will still have access to the identical information and resources at the NIH.gov site as those who do not take the survey . The survey reports are available only to NIH.gov managers , members of the NIH.gov Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties . NIH retains the data from Webtrends , Google Analytics , and ACSI survey results as long as needed to support the mission of the NIH.gov Web site . Up to top The Office of Management and Budget Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies External Web Site Policy allows Federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies . When you visit any Web site , its server may generate a piece of text known as a " cookie " to place on your computer . The cookie allows the server to " remember " specific information about your visit while you are connected . The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of Web pages . Cookies from NIH Web pages only collect information about your browser 's visit to the site ; they do not collect personal information about you . There are two types of cookies , single session ( temporary ) , and multi-session ( persistent ) . Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open . Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears . Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods . Session Cookies : We use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through our site . These cookies let our server know that you are continuing a visit to our site . The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as " Usage Tier 1Single Session . The policy says , " This tier encompasses any use of single session web measurement and customization technologies. "  Persistent Cookies : We use persistent cookies to enable Webtrends and Google Analytics to differentiate between new and returning NIH.gov visitors . Persistent cookies remain on your computer between visits to NIH.gov until they expire . We also use persistent cookies to block repeated invitations to take the ACSI survey . The persistent cookies that block repeated survey invitations expire in 90 days . The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as " Usage Tier 2Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) . The policy says , " This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected. "  Up to top If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer , you can disable them using your Web browser . If you opt out of cookies , you will still have access to all information and resources at NIH.gov . Instructions for disabling or opting out of cookies in the most popular browsers are located at http : //www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml External Web Site Policy . Please note that by following the instructions to opt-out of cookies , you will disable cookies from all sources , not just those from NIH.gov . Up to top You do not have to give us personal information to visit the NIH Web sites . However , if you choose to receive alerts or e-newsletters , we collect your email address to complete the subscription process . If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information , that is , information that is personal in nature and which may be used to identify you , through an e-mail message , request for information , paper or electronic form , questionnaire , customer satisfaction survey , epidemiology research study , etc. , we will maintain the information you provide only as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication . If we store your personal information in a record system designed to retrieve information about you by personal identifier ( name , personal email address , home mailing address , personal or mobile phone number , etc. ) , so that we may contact you , we will safeguard the information you provide to us in accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C . Section 552a ) . If NIH operates a record system designed to retrieve information about you in order to accomplish its mission , a Privacy Act Notification Statement should be prominently and conspicuously displayed on the public-facing website or form which asks you to provide personally identifiable information . The notice must address the following five criteria :  NIH legal authorization to collect information about you Purpose of the information collection Routine uses for disclosure of information outside of NIH Whether the request made of you is voluntary or mandatory under law Effects of non-disclosure if you choose to not provide the requested information For further information about NIH privacy policy , please contact the NIH Senior Official for Privacy at privacy @ mail.nih.gov ; call 301-451-3426 or visit http : //oma.od.nih.gov/ms/privacy . Up to top NIH uses web measurement and customization technologies to help our Web sites function better for visitors and to better understand how the public uses the online resources we provide . All uses of web-based technologies comply with existing policies with respect to privacy and data safeguarding standards . Information Technology ( IT ) systems owned and operated by NIH are assessed using Privacy Impact Assessments ( PIAs ) posted for public view on the Department of Health and Human Services ( DHHS ) Web site ( http : //www.hhs.gov/pia/nih.html External Web Site Policy ) . NIH conducts and publishes a PIA for each use of a third-party website and application ( TPWA ) as they may have a different functionality or practice . TPWA PIAs are posted for public view on DHHS Web site http : //www.hhs.gov/pia/nih_pia_summaries_fy12_q2.pdf External Web Site Policy . Groups of records that contain information about an individual and are designed to be retrieved by the individual 's name or other personal identifier linked to the individual are covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C . Section 552a ) . For these records , NIH Systems of Record Notices are published in the Federal Register and posted on the NIH Senior Official for Privacy Website . When you visit the NIH Institute/Center sites , please look for the Privacy Notice posted on the main pages . When web measurement and customization technologies are used , the Privacy Policy/Notice must provide :  Purpose of the web measurement and/or customization technology ; Usage tier , session type , and technology used ; Nature of the information collected ; Purpose and use of the information ; Whether and to whom the information will be disclosed ; Privacy safeguards applied to the information ; Data retention policy for the information ; Whether the technology is enabled by default or not and why ; How to opt-out of the web measurement/customization technology ; Statement that opting-out still permits users to access comparable information or services ; and , Identities of all third-party vendors involved in the measurement and customization process . Up to top NIH will retain data collected using the following technologies long enough to achieve the specified objective for which they were collected . The data generated from these activities falls under the National Archives and Records Administration ( NARA ) General Records Schedule ( GRS ) 20-item IC ' Electronic Records , ' and will be handled per the requirements of that schedule ( http : //www.archives.gov/records-mgmt/grs/grs20.html External Web Site Policy ) . Up to top As part of the OMB Memo M-10-06 , Open Government Directive External Web Site Policy , the NIH uses a variety of new technologies and social media options to communicate and interact with citizens . These sites and applications include popular social networking and media sites , open source software communities and more . TPWAs are Web-based technologies that are not exclusively operated or controlled by NIH , such as applications not hosted on a .gov domain or those that are embedded on NIH Web pages . Users of TPWAs often share information with the general public , user community , and/or the third-party operating the Web site . These actors may use this information in a variety of ways . TPWAs could cause PII to become available or accessible to NIH and the public , regardless of whether the information is explicitly solicited or collected by NIH . The following list includes some of the TPWAs we use and their purpose . NIH sometimes collects and uses PII made available through third-party Web sites . However , we do not share PII made available through third-party Web sites . Your activity on the third-party Web sites we use is governed by the security and privacy policy of those sites , which we have linked below . You should review the third-party privacy policies before using the sites and ensure that you understand how your information may be used . If you have an account with a third-party Web site , and choose to follow , like , friend , or comment , certain PII associated with your account may be made available to NIH based on the privacy policy of the third-party Web site and your privacy settings within that third-party Web site . Therefore , you should also adjust privacy settings on your account to match your preferences . For any NIH TPWA that collects PII , the list below also includes details on the information NIH collects and how we will protect your private information . Up to top AddThis : NIH uses the AddThis service to allow you to bookmark and share the News in Health Web site content on a variety of social media sites . If you use the AddThis service to share content , you do not need to register or provide any personal information . AddThis collects non-personal data , including the aggregate and summary statistics on browsers and usage patterns . AddThis also uses non-personal data to manage the service efficiently and diagnose server problems . Although AddThis offers some analytics and usage data to NIH , these reports do not include any PII . The reports are password-protected and only available to NIH Managers , System Owners , Communications Staff , Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties . The AddThis Privacy Policy is available at http : //www.addthis.com/privacy External Web Site Policy Up to top Bit.ly : NIH uses Bit.ly to shorten long URLs for use in email messages , Twitter feeds and on Facebook pages . Bit.ly collects and provides data on how often you as an email recipient or Facebook/Twitter user , click on the shortened URLs distributed by NIH staff . Bit.ly analytics show how many people clicked on the URLs posted by NIH , compared to the total number of clicks on the shortened URLs . Bit.ly analytics do not provide any PII about the visitors who open the shortened links . The Bit.ly Privacy Policy is available at http : //bit.ly/pages/privacy External Web Site Policy Up to top Facebook : NIH has three main Facebook pagesNational Institutes of Health ( NIH ) External Web Site Policy , NIH Research Matters External Web Site Policy , and News in Health External Web Site Policy . Many other NIH Institutes and Centers ( ICs ) sponsor their own Facebook pages . IC Facebook Privacy Policies are located on the individual IC web sites , which can found by clicking on the respective IC from the NIH homepage ( http : //www.nih.gov/ ) . NIH Facebook pages are managed by NIH staff members who post news and other items of interest to be consumed by the public . If you have a Facebook account , you can log in to your account to post comments , and ' like ' NIH Facebook pages and individual entries . If once you click on an NIH Facebook page , you comment or click on the ' like ' button , your PII will be visible to NIH staff and other Facebook site visitors . The amount of visible personal information displayed will depend on your own Facebook privacy settings . You can completely avoid displaying any PII by not creating a Facebook account , not posting comments , not clicking on the ' like ' options , or interacting with NIH Facebook accounts in any way ( i.e. , private messaging , sharing NIH posts , etc. ) . NIH staff do not collect , use or disclose any information about visitors who comment or ' like ' the NIH Facebook sites . However , as a practice , comment moderator policy requires the removal from NIH Facebook pages of any comments that contain spam or are improper , inflammatory , or offensive . The information is then saved on a password-protected shared drive accessible to NIH Managers , System Owners , Communications Staff , Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties . The Facebook Privacy Policy is available at http : //www.facebook.com/policy.php External Web Site Policy Up to top Flickr : NIH uses Flickr to upload and share photos and images related to the NIH mission and culture . NIH is responsible for the uploaded images on NIH-sponsored Flickr pages and must ensure that the images assigned for posting meet NIH quality standards and comply with all NIH , HHS , and federal policies . Images posted are produced by NIH and its Institutes and Centers ( ICs ) , and may include medical illustrations and other scientific images . Photos posted may also include pre-approved photos of NIH employees at events or in labs for the purpose of promoting the NIH mission and culture . You do not need to register with Flickr to view the images onNIH Flickr sites , because all NIH images posted on Flickr are visible in the public domain . However , if you choose to register , you will not provide PII directly to NIH . NIH has disabled the commenting feature on its Flickr sites . Therefore , PII can not be collected or unintentionally received by NIH employees via the Flickr site . The Flickr Privacy Policy is available at http : //info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/flickr/details.html External Web Site Policy Up to top Google+ : NIH has one main Google+ pageNational Institutes of Health ( NIH ) External Web Site Policy .Several other NIH Institutes and Centers ( ICs ) sponsor their own Google+ pages . IC Google+ Privacy Policies are located on the individual IC web sites , which can found by clicking on the respective IC from the NIH homepage ( http : //www.nih.gov/ ) . NIH Google+ pages are managed by NIH staff members who post news and other items of interest to be consumed by the public . If you have a Google+ account , you can log in to your account to post comments , and ' +1 ' NIH Google+ pages and individual entries . If once you click on an NIH Google+ page , you comment or click on the ' +1 ' button , your PII will be visible to NIH staff and other Google+ site visitors . The amount of visible personal information displayed will depend on your own Google+ privacy settings . You can completely avoid displaying any PII by not creating a Google+ account , not posting comments , not clicking on the ' like ' options , or interacting with NIH Google+ accounts in any way ( i.e. , private messaging , sharing NIH posts , etc. ) . NIH staff do not collect , use or disclose any information about visitors who comment or ' like ' the NIH Google+ sites . However , as a practice , comment moderator policy requires the removal from NIH Google+ pages of any comments that contain spam or are improper , inflammatory , or offensive . The Google+ Privacy Policy is available at http : //www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ External Web Site Policy Up to top GovDelivery Subscription Management : NIH uses GovDelivery to send e-newsletters , alerts and other messages to visitors who subscribe to them . To subscribe to receive an NIH product , you must provide an email address and indicate your subscription preferences , including the items you want to receive . The email subscriber lists are password protected by GovDelivery . Only the NIH managers who send newsletters , alerts , or memos via GovDelivery and the staff members who monitor the results of email initiatives have access to the subscriber lists . GovDelivery never allows access to the subscriber lists to anyone outside of NIH for any purpose . GovDelivery collects and provides non-identifying information about the number of messages sent , clicks , and open rates . This information is password-protected and only available to NIH Managers , System Owners , Communications Staff , Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties . The GovDelivery Privacy Policy is available at http : //www.govdelivery.com/privacy External Web Site Policy Up to top LinkedIn : NIH uses the groups feature on LinkedIn to engage with current and past employees and members of the public . In order to join a NIH group on LinkedIn , you must register for a LinkedIn account and provide your first and last name and e-mail address . Upon confirmation of your email address , you must provide LinkedIn with information regarding your employment , country , zip code , job title , etc . The amount of visible personal information will depend on your LinkedIn user privacy settings . You can completely avoid displaying any PII by not creating a LinkedIn account , not joining NIH LinkedIn groups , or not interacting with NIH LinkedIn groups in any way ( i.e. , private messaging , posting on group pages , etc. ) . Although NIH staff managing LinkedIn groups may view the information you provide when you submit a request to join NIH LinkedIn groups , NIH staff does not collect , use , or disclose any of this information . The LinkedIn Privacy Policy is available at http : //www.linkedin.com/static ?key=privacy_policy & trk=hb_ft_priv External Web Site Policy Up to top Pinterest : NIH has one main Pinterest pageNational Institutes of Health ( NIH ) External Web Site Policy .Several other NIH Institutes and Centers ( ICs ) sponsor their own Pinterest pages . IC Pinterest Privacy Policies are located on the individual IC web sites , which can found by clicking on the respective IC from the NIH homepage ( http : //www.nih.gov/ ) . NIH Pinterest pages are managed by NIH staff members who post news and other items of interest to be consumed by the public . If you have a Pinterest account , you can log in to your account to post comments , like and repin ' NIH Pinterest postings and individual entries . When you chose to like , comment or repin ' an item from an NIH Pinterest account , your PII will be visible to NIH staff and other Pinterest site visitors . You can completely avoid displaying any PII by not creating a Pinterest account , not posting comments , not clicking on the ' like ' options and not sharing items from the NIH Pinterest page or NIH websites . NIH staff do not collect , use or disclose any information about visitors who comment , share , or ' like ' the NIH Pinterest sites or posts . However , as a practice , comment moderator policy requires the removal from NIH Pinterest pages of any comments that contain spam or are improper , inflammatory , or offensive . The Pinterest Privacy Policy is available at http : //about.pinterest.com/privacy/ External Web Site Policy Up to top Polldaddy : NIH uses Polldaddy in conjunction with some NIH WordPress blogs to collect your click-opinions or rankings of drop-down menu preferences as a blog participant . Polldaddy is the only survey tool that is compatible with WordPress and most Polldaddy surveys are embedded within blog entries on NIH WordPress blogs . However , there are links to the Polldaddy site at the bottom of the survey form . You can vote on a topic using the Polldaddy form embedded on a NIH blog . However , to submit a comment , you must navigate directly to the Polldaddy site , provide your name , and e-mail address . Polldaddy automatically scans your comments prior to posting them to determine whether they are spam and , if so , deletes them . If the submission is not recognized as spam by the Polldaddy filtering program , the comment is immediately posted to the poll results published on the Polldaddy site . Considering the comments provided could potentially contain PII , any such unsolicited PII will not be posted on NIH blogs . Any information collected by NIH is de-identified and will be used solely for the purpose of engaging participants and gaining insight into public opinions . Comments will be viewable on the Polldaddy site . The Polldaddy Privacy Policy is available at http : //polldaddy.com/privacy/ External Web Site Policy Up to top Twitter : NIH uses Twitter to send short messages or Tweets ' ( up to 140 characters ) to share information about NIH with you and respond to your comments and inquiries sent via Twitter to NIH . While you may read the NIH Twitter feeds without subscribing to them , if you want to subscribe to ( or follow ) NIH Twitter feeds , you must create a Twitter account at www.twitter.com . To create an account , you must provide some personal information , such as your name , user name , password and email address . You have the option to provide additional personal information including a short biography , location or a picture . Most information you provide for a Twitter account is available to the public , but you can modify how much of your information is visible by changing your privacy settings at the Twitter.com Web site . NIH staff members monitor the number of subscribers and respond to comments and queries via Twitter , but the staff never takes possession of the personal information belonging to you as a Twitter follower . However , as a practice , comment moderator policy requires the removal from the NIH Twitter pages of any comments that contain spam or are improper , inflammatory , or offensive . The information is then saved on a password-protected shared drive accessible to NIH Managers , System Owners , Communications Staff , Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties . The Twitter Privacy Policy is available at http : //twitter.com/privacy External Web Site Policy Up to top Widgets : NIH offers a variety of widgets that deliver small versions of selected NIH site content to other online locations outside of the site where the content originated . Widgets are portable pieces of code . They deliver information and links to any site or application where the widget is installed . You can install a widget on any PC or Mac Web page without requiring additional coding or configuration . If you choose to install NIH.gov widgets , they will not collect any type of PII from you . The WidgetBox Privacy Policy is available at http : //www.widgetbox.com/info/legal/privacy-policy External Web Site Policy Note : This is the privacy policy for the widget creator program , not the widgets themselves . Up to top WordPress : NIH uses the WordPress.com blog platform to support its NIH Director 's Blog initiative along with others , enabling visitors to interact with staff regarding news and initiatives posted by NIH leaders . As a visitor to an NIH Wordpress instance , you can access the NIH.gov home page and post comments . You do not need to register , provide your name , or supply any personal information . The comments are not collected , processed , or reported in any way . However , if you provide your name or other personally identifiable information ( PII ) , the information you provide will appear along with your feedback . Although WordPress offers some analytics and usage data to NIH , these reports do not include any PII . The reports are password- protected and only available to NIH Managers , System Owners , Communications Staff , Web Teams , and other designated staff that require this information to perform their duties . The WordPress.com Privacy Policy is available at http : //automattic.com/privacy/ External Web Site Policy Up to top YouTube : NIH posts videos on YouTube to make them available to the public . You do not need to register with either YouTube or Google ( YouTube Owner ) to watch NIH YouTube videos . When you watch videos , YouTube may record non-personally identifiable information about their site usage , such as channels used , videos watched , and data transfer details to improve its services . If you log on to the YouTube site before watching NIH videos , YouTube may associate information about your site usage with your YouTube account . If you log onto YouTube and comment on an NIH video , any personal information you included on your YouTube profile page will be visible to visitors who click on the comment field . If you do not log in before watching NIH videos posted on YouTube , you can not comment on NIH videos and your site usage will not be associated with you or a YouTube account . The YouTube Privacy Policy is available at http : //www.youtube.com/t/privacy External Web Site Policy NIH conducts and publishes a Privacy Impact Assessment ( PIA ) for each use of a third-party website as they may have a different functionality or practice . To learn more , visit the published PIAs at http : //www.hhs.gov/pia/nih_pia_summaries_fy12_q1.pdf External Web Site Policy For more information on the uses of social and new media for which GSA has negotiated a federally-friendly Terms of Service Agreement , visit the HHS Center for New Media at http : //newmedia.hhs.gov/standards/tos.html External Web Site Policy For further information about NIH privacy policy , please contact the NIH Senior Official for Privacy at privacy @ mail.nih.gov ; call 301-451-3426 or visit http : //oma.od.nih.gov/ms/privacy . 
WebMD Privacy Policy Summary WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users . We understand that your privacy matters and we respect your privacy choices . This summary of our privacy policy is intended to give you an overview of :  What information we collect about you What choices you have about your information How we use your information How and with whom we may share the information we have about you How we protect your information How to contact us with questions or concerns We urge you to take the time to read our entire Privacy Policy for complete detail about our privacy practices and your information . Information Collected About You We may collect Personal Information about you such as your name , address , telephone number , email address or health information in the following ways :  When you register for or update an existing profile on our web sites or Apps or register for the WebMD Health Manager ; When you use certain interactive tools and services ( e.g. , the Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar or Symptom Checker ) ; When you sign-up for newsletters or other communications from WebMD ; When you use our Email a Friend service ; When you participate in an online survey ; or When you provide personal information in a community area or other public forum . We may collect Non-Personal Information information that can not be used to identify you via Cookies , Web Beacons , WebMD mobile device applications and from external sources , even if you have not registered with or provided any Personal Information to WebMD . Read more about Information Collected About You What Choices Do I Have ? If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information . You may correct , update or review Personal Information you have submitted through registration , tools and applications by signing in and updating your registration information . If you have registered and no longer want WebMD to use your Personal Information , you should delete your information as described in this Policy . Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies , and you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site . You can click on the Ad Choices logo at the bottom of every page of the WebMD web sites to stop tailored advertising from WebMD . Read more about " What Choices Do I Have ? " , " Cookies " and " TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices "  How Information Collected About You Is Used We may use information we collect about you to :  Administer your account ; Provide you with access to particular tools and services ; Respond to your inquiries and send you administrative communications ; Obtain your feedback on our sites and our offerings ; Statistically analyze user behavior and activity ; Provide you with more relevant content and advertisements ; Conduct research and measurement activities ; or Send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities . We may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources . Third parties may also use Non-Personal Information in order to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community . Read more about How Information Collected About You Is Used With Whom Do We Share Your Information ? WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information about you unless specifically agreed to by you or :  To comply with legal requirements , such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena , or court order ; To our vendors and suppliers in the course of their provision of products or services to WebMD ; In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a merger , a sale of assets , or bankruptcy ; or In special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others . WebMD does not make your Personal Information available to third parties for their marketing purposes . Read more about With Whom Do We Share Your Information ? How Do We Secure and Retain Your Information ? We have put in place technical , physical , and administrative safeguards to protect the Personal Information that we collect . Read more about How Do We Secure Your Information ? Contact WebMD Please send us an email using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you . You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :  WebMD , LLC Attn : Office of Privacy 1201 Peachtree Street , NE 400 Colony Square , Suite 2100 Atlanta , GA 30361 Phone : 866-788-3097 Read the complete WebMD Privacy Policy . WebMD Privacy Policy WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users . This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of WebMD and its services . It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information . We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully . This Privacy Policy applies to Web sites owned and operated by WebMD that are intended for use by consumers ( non-professionals ) for non-commercial personal , family or household purposes , including WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , RxList.com , and eMedicineHealth.com and including the mobile optimized versions of these sites ( we refer to these sites collectively as the WebMD Web Sites ) . This Privacy Policy also applies to the consumer-facing version of the WebMD Health Manager Product . However , if you are an employee or health plan member who has enabled access to your health record at WebMD.com by registering at your employer 's or health plan 's website , the privacy policy applicable to your information at your employer 's or health plan 's website remains applicable to your personal health record at WebMD.com . If your employer or health plan account is no longer made available to you by your employer or health plan , you will continue to have access to your health information from WebMD.com , using the same username and password , but will be subject to this Privacy Policy . Except where noted , statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the WebMD Web Sites also apply to the WebMD Mobile Device Application ( or " App " ) including the WebMD Baby Mobile Device App for the iPhone , the iPad and mobile devices operating with the Android operating system . References to " WebMD " mean WebMD LLC , including any company that WebMD , LLC controls ( for example , a subsidiary that WebMD , LLC owns ) . WebMD may share information among its subsidiaries or web sites that it owns or controls , but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy . Information Collected About You Personal Information If you choose to register or update an existing member profile with WebMD or access certain functionality on the WebMD Web Sites , you may be required to submit Personal Information . Personal Information means information that we can use to identify or contact you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address . Some of our interactive tools and services may request you to submit health information , which would also be considered Personal Information . You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Information that you submit to WebMD . Inaccurate information will affect your experience when using the WebMD Web Sites and tools and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy . Registration Access to some WebMD interactive tools and services may be limited to users who have registered . Some of our tools ( such as certain quizzes or calculators ) do not retain your Personal Information , while others ( such as Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar ) store your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the authorization you provide at the time you submit Personal Information in order to use the tool . WebMD Health Manager , which allows you a secure place to gather , store , manage and share your Personal Information and provides tools and services to better manage your health and the health of your family , requires additional registration . WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages . However , WebMD does not allow any third parties to place beacons or cookies or to gather any data about you in connection with your use of the WebMD Health Manager . Furthermore , WebMD does not use any information that you submit in connection with that tool to deliver any advertisements to you on or off of the WebMD Web Sites . If you download the WebMD Magazine App from the Apple App Store News Stand and agree to provide your information to WebMD , your information will be treated like that of a registered user under this Privacy Policy . Newsletters & Emails to You At registration and at various times as you use the WebMD Web Sites , you will be given the option of providing us with Personal Information in order to receive recurring informational/promotional newsletters such as a newsletter relating to a specific health condition via email from WebMD and/or directly from third parties . From time to time WebMD makes subscriptions to our newsletters available on third party websites . If you sign up for one of our newsletters on a third party site the site will provide us with your Personal Information such as your email address and we may use that information as described in this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it directly to WebMD . In the WebMD Health Community , you can also click the Watch This Discussion link in any Health Community posting , and WebMD will send you an email summary of each day 's postings in that Community . When you sign up for our email newsletters on the WebMD Web Sites or at any time , you can choose to opt out of receiving additional promotional newsletters from WebMD or our Sponsors . You can unsubscribe from a newsletter by :  Following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter . Logging in to the WebMD Web Sites and unchecking the newsletters you no longer wish to receive under the My Profile section . Email a Friend If you use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about a feature on the WebMD Web Sites or a newsletter , we will ask you for your name , your email address and your friend 's email address . We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the " from " email address . WebMD does not use your friend 's email information for any other purpose . We will only use the information you provide to send the requested email to your friend . Market Research From time to time , WebMD may conduct online research surveys through email invitations , pop-up surveys and online focus groups . When participating in a survey , we may ask you to enter Personal Information . The Personal Information you submit in a survey may be used by WebMD for research and measurement purposes , as described below , including to measure the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs . When our market research surveys collect Personal Information we will not knowingly accept participants who are under the age of 13 . Market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of WebMD will contain a link to this Privacy Policy . Community , Health Communities , Blogs and Other Public Forums WebMD features several community areas and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer . We also offer online discussions moderated by healthcare experts . Our communities are open to the public and should not be considered private . Any information ( including Personal Information ) you share in any online community area including a chat room , Health Community , Ask Our Expert posting or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not private . You should think carefully before posting any Personal Information in any public forum . What you post can be seen , disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we can not control or predict , including to contact you for unauthorized purposes . As with any public forum on any site , the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines . If you mistakenly post Personal Information in our Community areas and would like it removed , you can send us an email to request that we remove it by using the Contact Us link on every page of the WebMD Web Sites . In some cases , we may not be able to remove your Personal Information . Emails You Send to WebMD This Privacy Policy does not apply to information , content , business information , ideas , concepts or inventions that you send to WebMD by email . If you want to keep content or business information , ideas , concepts or inventions private or proprietary , do not send them in an email to WebMD . Non-Personal Information Even if you do not register with or provide any Personal Information to WebMD , we collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites . Non-Personal Information means information that we can not use to identify or contact you . We may also acquire Non-Personal Information about our users from external sources . While you may use some of the functionality of WebMD without registration , many of the specific tools and services on the WebMD Web Sites require that you register with WebMD . Cookies and Web Beacons We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites and your use of other web sites through the use of Cookies and Web Beacons . Cookies are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the computer you use to view a web site . Every computer that accesses the WebMD Web Sites is assigned a different cookie by WebMD . Web Beacons are graphic image files imbedded in a web page typically used to monitor activity on a web page and send back to its home server ( which can belong to the host site , a network advertiser or some other third party ) information from your browser , such as the IP address , the URL of the page on which the beacon is located , the type browser that is accessing the site and the ID number of any Cookies on your computer previously placed by that server . Third parties under contract with WebMD may use Cookies or Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your usage of the WebMD Web Sites , including which health topics you have viewed . These third party advertising service providers may use this information , on our behalf , to help WebMD deliver advertising on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on other sites on the Internet based on your browsing activity on our sites . WebMD may further tailor the advertising on these third party sites based on additional Non-Personal Information to the extent known by WebMD or these third parties . Mobile Device Applications ( Apps ) and Mobile Optimized Sites When you download and install one of our WebMD Mobile Apps onto your mobile device we assign a random number to your App installation . This number can not be used to identify you personally , and we can not identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of the App . We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of Cookies as described in this Privacy Policy . Unlike Cookies , the random number is assigned to your installation of the App itself and not a browser , because the App does not work through your browser . Therefore the random number can not be removed through settings . If you do not want us to use the random number for the purposes for which we use Cookies , please do not use the Mobile Device Apps . Also , due to technical limitations , our TRUSTed Ads program is not implemented on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an IOS device , on our mobile optimized sites . Because some of the content on our Mobile Device Apps direct your mobile device to our website you will be exposed to the cookies that we use and to third party cookies that may be contained in advertisements that we do not control and will be unable to delete any of these cookies with your mobile device . Therefore , if you do not want to use these cookies when you use your mobile device you should not use our Mobile Device Apps and you should set your mobile device to reject cookies when you use our mobile optimized sites . Non-Personal Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on WebMD 's Behalf We work with third parties to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community . Sponsors or advertisers on the WebMD Web Sites may use their own Cookies , Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on the WebMD Web Sites and in emails , special promotions or newsletters we send you . Their advertisements may be displayed on the WebMD Web Sites or on other sites that you visit after you visit the WebMD Web Sites . Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve their ads and to monitor users ' responses to ads , and these companies ( " Ad Servers " ) may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons on the WebMD Web Sites . We do not control how third parties use Cookies or Web Beacons or how they manage the Non-Personal Information they gather through the use of these technologies on the WebMD Web Sites . However , we do require sponsors , advertisers and Ad Servers who collect cookie or web beacon information through the WebMD Web Sites to agree that they will not collect any Personal Information from the WebMD Web Sites without your consent . They have promised us they will not link any Non-Personal Information collected by them on the WebMD Web Sites to Personal Information they or others collect in other ways or from other sites except as may be described in connection with a particular program . What Choices Do I Have ? Updating/Removing Your Personal Information If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information . You can correct , update or review Personal Information you have previously submitted by going back to the specific tool or application , logging-in and making the desired change . You can also update any Personal Information you have submitted by contacting us using the contact information listed below . If you have registered and desire to delete any of your Personal Information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us using the contact information listed below . Upon your request , we will delete your Personal Information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media . You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to the WebMD Web Sites from our servers . If you decide that you would prefer not to receive personalized email or secure electronic messages from the WebMD Health Manager tool , you may " Opt-out " of the service by clicking on the settings tab on your Health Manager home page and changing your email preference or following the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email . Cookies Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies . Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the " Help " section of the toolbar . If you reject our Cookies , certain of the functions and conveniences of the WebMD Web Sites may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use the WebMD Web Sites . It is important to note that in order to use the opt-out services described below , such as the Network Advertising Initiative and the TRUSTed Ads Program , you must not reject all Cookies because these opt-out procedures work by placing Cookies on your browser that enable these opt-out procedures to function . The opt-out Cookies are placed , for example , in order to help prevent the placement of Cookies used for the targeting of advertising . Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of Cookies . In order to do so , you must Opt-out of such data collection with each individual site . Currently , you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site or TRUSTe 's Preference Manager at http : //preferences.truste.com/ . This website will also allow you to review the Ad Server 's privacy policies . You can find additional information and resources about how to opt out of advertising and related Cookies by visiting the World Privacy Forum 's Site . We work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our Sites . Our ad network vendors use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our web sites to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising based upon your browsing activity and your interests . To read about how to opt out of targeted advertising on the WebMD mobile sites see the section of this policy named TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices below . The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals . TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices In order to give you more control over your privacy choices we have implemented the TRUSTed Ads program from TRUSTe . At the bottom of every page of the WebMD Web Sites you will see an Ad Choices logo , ( which looks like this : Ad Choices Logo ) . By clicking on that logo you will be presented with a window ( the TRUSTe Window ) that will identify all of the companies that WebMD uses to direct tailored advertisements to you , both on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on third-party sites . If you would like to stop this tailored advertising from WebMD , you can manage these advertisements through the choices in that window . By clicking the + symbol next to the name of a vendor in that window you will get information about how and where that vendor assists us with the delivery of advertisements . The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals . The TRUSTed Ads Program is not available on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an iOS device on our mobile optimized sites . Please see the Section entitled " Mobile Device Applications ( " Apps " ) and Mobile Optimized Sites. "  Important : If your device uses the Apple iOS Operating System , you will not see the Ad Choices icon on our mobile optimized sites ( such as www.m.webmd.com. )  Advertisements are not tailored based on browsing activity or interests for devices that access our mobile optimized web sites using the iOS operating system , including iPhone , iPad , and iPod Touch . How Information Collected About You Is Used Information collected by WebMD about you is used by WebMD to :  administer your account , provide you with access to particular tools and services , respond to your inquiries you send to us and to send you administrative communications about the WebMD Web Sites or services , obtain your feedback about the WebMD Web Sites or our offerings , statistically analyze user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the site are visited and how many emails are received and opened , provide you with more relevant content or advertising both on the WebMD Web Sites or on other web sites that you visit after you leave the WebMD Web Sites ; and conduct research and measurement activities , including those described below . WebMD may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources . WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages . During registration or at any time , you have the option of choosing whether or not you wish to receive emails pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities . The WebMD Health Manager email service requires an " opt-in " authorization from you . We also use Cookies in order to enable us to conduct surveys for our own use and on behalf of our advertisers . These Cookies are used to determine whether you have seen certain content or advertising so that we may request your opinions . We may also use Cookies to authenticate respondents or to help you pick up where you left off in a survey . If you have Cookies disabled you may not be able to participate in some surveys . Research and Measurement Activities Information that WebMD collects about you may be combined by WebMD with other information available to WebMD through third parties for research and measurement purposes , including measuring the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs . This information from other sources may include age , gender , demographic , geographic , personal interests , product purchase activity or other information . We may report aggregate information , which is not able to be identified back to an individual user of the WebMD Web Sites , to our current or prospective advertisers and other business partners . We do not sell or share any Personal Information with any third parties , except contractors performing services on our behalf who agree not to use this information received from us for any purpose other than performing services on our behalf . With Whom Do We Share Your Information ? Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information it gathers from you through the WebMD Web Sites . We may only release Personal Information to third parties : ( 1 ) to comply with legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( 2 ) in special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others , to protect property or defend or assert legal rights . In addition , we may disclose Personal Information as described below . In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a sale to , or merger with , another entity , or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy , WebMD reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets . In the event of such a change , your Personal Information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless any changes to the Privacy Policy are made in accordance with the section below that discusses Changes to This Privacy Policy . Disclosures to WebMD Operations and Maintenance Contractor WebMD contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the course of providing products or services to WebMD . These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology , services , data analysis , research , advertising and marketing assistance and/or content for the operation and maintenance of the WebMD Web Sites . We contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors : 1 ) protect the privacy of your Personal and Non-Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy and 2 ) not use or disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information for any purpose other than providing the limited service or function for WebMD . Disclosures to Third Party Web Sites Certain content , services and advertisements offered to you through the WebMD Web Sites are served on , or contain links to , web sites hosted and operated by a company other than WebMD ( " Third Party Web Sites " ) . WebMD does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Web Sites without your consent , but you should be aware that any information you disclose to the other web sites once you access these other web sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy . WebMD does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Web Sites . You should review the privacy policy posted on the other web site to understand how that Third Party Web Site collects and uses your Personal Information . WebMD makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave our website and enter a Third Party Web Site , either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the site before you visit the third party site . In addition , if you see a phrase such as " Powered by " or " in association with " followed by the name of a company other than WebMD , then you are on a web site hosted by a company other than WebMD . How Do We Secure and Retain Your Information ? We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information . Despite WebMD 's efforts to protect your Personal Information , there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted . The security of your Personal Information is important to us . When you enter Personal Information ( including personal health information in various tools on our website ) , we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology . We will retain your Personal Information as long as your account is active or needed to provide you services . At any time you can remove your Personal Information or instruct us to remove it , but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to WebMD from our servers . WebMD tools that collect and store Personal Information allow you to correct , update or review information you have submitted by going back to the specific tool , logging-in and making the desired changes . We will also retain your Personal Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements . Children We are committed to protecting the privacy of children . The WebMD Web Sites are not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13 . The WebMD Web Sites do not collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13 . A parent or guardian , however , may use WebMD Health Manager to establish a personal health record and a WebMD Health Manager home page for a minor . The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor 's use of WebMD Health Manager . The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate . The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through WebMD Health Manager for the minor . Contacting WebMD About Your Personal Information or Privacy Please send us an email by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you . You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :  WebMD , LLC Attn : Office of Privacy 1201 Peachtree Street , NE 400 Colony Square , Suite 2100 Atlanta , GA 30361 Phone : 866-788-3097 Changes to This Privacy Policy We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy or any of our tools or services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise . If we make any material changes to this policy we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified when you register ) and/or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective . We encourage you to periodically review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices . If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy , we ask that you do not register with us and that you do not use the WebMD Web Sites . Please exit the WebMD Web Sites immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy . Accreditations and Privacy Seals URAC : Accredited Health Web Site WebMD has been awarded e-Health accreditation from URAC , formerly the American HealthCare Accreditation Association . URAC is an independent accrediting body that has reviewed and approved WebMD 's WebMD.com Web sites for compliance with its more than 45 quality and ethics standards . To verify our compliance click the URAC logo . To read more , visit the URAC Center on WebMD TRUSTe online privacy certification WebMD has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please email us by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of each page of our site . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . Please bear in mind that TRUSTe 's Watchdog service and certification is for the WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and the WebMD Health Manager sites and does not cover information that may be collected through other WebMD websites , mobile applications or mobile websites . Only information collected by WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , or WebMD Health Manager should be reported in a TRUSTe Watchdog complaint . HONcode Seal WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and eMedicineHealth.com comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information , which can be verified here . Effective Date : May 06 , 2013 2013 WebMD , LLC . All rights reserved . About Us Who We Are What We Do For Our Users Awards and Recognition Policies Advertising Policy Corrections Policy Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Our Sponsors Terms and Conditions of Use Important Information & FAQs Community Overview Privacy FAQs Privacy Terms How We Protect Your Information Spam FAQs How to Change Your Profile Settings About Passwords Accreditation URAC Center Customer Care Contact Us Hot Topics Is Your Eczema Under Control ? Avoid Teeth Brushing Mistakes Eating Out ? Cut Calories , Heartburn 16 Tips for Clear Skin Top 12 Dog Behavior Problems Generic Drugs : What You Need to Know Causes and Cures of Bad Breath Depression , Pain & Anxiety : What 's the Link ? How Diabetes Affects Your Teeth Ulcerative Colitis : Check Your Symptoms Find out how WebMD ensures the quality , accuracy and security of our information . WebMD Privacy Policy WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users . This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of WebMD and its services . It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information . We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully . This Privacy Policy applies to Web sites owned and operated by WebMD that are intended for use by consumers ( non-professionals ) for non-commercial personal , family or household purposes , including WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , RxList.com , and eMedicineHealth.com and including the mobile optimized versions of these sites ( we refer to these sites collectively as the WebMD Web Sites ) . This Privacy Policy also applies to the consumer-facing version of the WebMD Health Manager Product . However , if you are an employee or health plan member who has enabled access to your health record at WebMD.com by registering at your employer 's or health plan 's website , the privacy policy applicable to your information at your employer 's or health plan 's website remains applicable to your personal health record at WebMD.com . If your employer or health plan account is no longer made available to you by your employer or health plan , you will continue to have access to your health information from WebMD.com , using the same username and password , but will be subject to this Privacy Policy . Except where noted , statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the WebMD Web Sites also apply to the WebMD Mobile Device Application ( or " App " ) including the WebMD Baby Mobile Device App for the iPhone , the iPad and mobile devices operating with the Android operating system . References to " WebMD " mean WebMD LLC , including any company that WebMD , LLC controls ( for example , a subsidiary that WebMD , LLC owns ) . WebMD may share information among its subsidiaries or web sites that it owns or controls , but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy . Information Collected About You Personal Information If you choose to register or update an existing member profile with WebMD or access certain functionality on the WebMD Web Sites , you may be required to submit Personal Information . Personal Information means information that we can use to identify or contact you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address . Some of our interactive tools and services may request you to submit health information , which would also be considered Personal Information . You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Information that you submit to WebMD . Inaccurate information will affect your experience when using the WebMD Web Sites and tools and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy . Registration Access to some WebMD interactive tools and services may be limited to users who have registered . Some of our tools ( such as certain quizzes or calculators ) do not retain your Personal Information , while others ( such as Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar ) store your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the authorization you provide at the time you submit Personal Information in order to use the tool . WebMD Health Manager , which allows you a secure place to gather , store , manage and share your Personal Information and provides tools and services to better manage your health and the health of your family , requires additional registration . WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages . However , WebMD does not allow any third parties to place beacons or cookies or to gather any data about you in connection with your use of the WebMD Health Manager . Furthermore , WebMD does not use any information that you submit in connection with that tool to deliver any advertisements to you on or off of the WebMD Web Sites . If you download the WebMD Magazine App from the Apple App Store News Stand and agree to provide your information to WebMD , your information will be treated like that of a registered user under this Privacy Policy . Newsletters & Emails to You At registration and at various times as you use the WebMD Web Sites , you will be given the option of providing us with Personal Information in order to receive recurring informational/promotional newsletters such as a newsletter relating to a specific health condition via email from WebMD and/or directly from third parties . From time to time WebMD makes subscriptions to our newsletters available on third party websites . If you sign up for one of our newsletters on a third party site the site will provide us with your Personal Information such as your email address and we may use that information as described in this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it directly to WebMD . In the WebMD Health Community , you can also click the Watch This Discussion link in any Health Community posting , and WebMD will send you an email summary of each day 's postings in that Community . When you sign up for our email newsletters on the WebMD Web Sites or at any time , you can choose to opt out of receiving additional promotional newsletters from WebMD or our Sponsors . You can unsubscribe from a newsletter by :  Following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter . Logging in to the WebMD Web Sites and unchecking the newsletters you no longer wish to receive under the My Profile section . Email a Friend If you use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about a feature on the WebMD Web Sites or a newsletter , we will ask you for your name , your email address and your friend 's email address . We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the " from " email address . WebMD does not use your friend 's email information for any other purpose . We will only use the information you provide to send the requested email to your friend . Market Research From time to time , WebMD may conduct online research surveys through email invitations , pop-up surveys and online focus groups . When participating in a survey , we may ask you to enter Personal Information . The Personal Information you submit in a survey may be used by WebMD for research and measurement purposes , as described below , including to measure the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs . When our market research surveys collect Personal Information we will not knowingly accept participants who are under the age of 13 . Market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of WebMD will contain a link to this Privacy Policy . Community , Health Communities , Blogs and Other Public Forums WebMD features several community areas and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer . We also offer online discussions moderated by healthcare experts . Our communities are open to the public and should not be considered private . Any information ( including Personal Information ) you share in any online community area including a chat room , Health Community , Ask Our Expert posting or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not private . You should think carefully before posting any Personal Information in any public forum . What you post can be seen , disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we can not control or predict , including to contact you for unauthorized purposes . As with any public forum on any site , the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines . If you mistakenly post Personal Information in our Community areas and would like it removed , you can send us an email to request that we remove it by using the Contact Us link on every page of the WebMD Web Sites . In some cases , we may not be able to remove your Personal Information . Emails You Send to WebMD This Privacy Policy does not apply to information , content , business information , ideas , concepts or inventions that you send to WebMD by email . If you want to keep content or business information , ideas , concepts or inventions private or proprietary , do not send them in an email to WebMD . Non-Personal Information Even if you do not register with or provide any Personal Information to WebMD , we collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites . Non-Personal Information means information that we can not use to identify or contact you . We may also acquire Non-Personal Information about our users from external sources . While you may use some of the functionality of WebMD without registration , many of the specific tools and services on the WebMD Web Sites require that you register with WebMD . Cookies and Web Beacons We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites and your use of other web sites through the use of Cookies and Web Beacons . Cookies are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the computer you use to view a web site . Every computer that accesses the WebMD Web Sites is assigned a different cookie by WebMD . Web Beacons are graphic image files imbedded in a web page typically used to monitor activity on a web page and send back to its home server ( which can belong to the host site , a network advertiser or some other third party ) information from your browser , such as the IP address , the URL of the page on which the beacon is located , the type browser that is accessing the site and the ID number of any Cookies on your computer previously placed by that server . Third parties under contract with WebMD may use Cookies or Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your usage of the WebMD Web Sites , including which health topics you have viewed . These third party advertising service providers may use this information , on our behalf , to help WebMD deliver advertising on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on other sites on the Internet based on your browsing activity on our sites . WebMD may further tailor the advertising on these third party sites based on additional Non-Personal Information to the extent known by WebMD or these third parties . Mobile Device Applications ( Apps ) and Mobile Optimized Sites When you download and install one of our WebMD Mobile Apps onto your mobile device we assign a random number to your App installation . This number can not be used to identify you personally , and we can not identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of the App . We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of Cookies as described in this Privacy Policy . Unlike Cookies , the random number is assigned to your installation of the App itself and not a browser , because the App does not work through your browser . Therefore the random number can not be removed through settings . If you do not want us to use the random number for the purposes for which we use Cookies , please do not use the Mobile Device Apps . Also , due to technical limitations , our TRUSTed Ads program is not implemented on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an IOS device , on our mobile optimized sites . Because some of the content on our Mobile Device Apps direct your mobile device to our website you will be exposed to the cookies that we use and to third party cookies that may be contained in advertisements that we do not control and will be unable to delete any of these cookies with your mobile device . Therefore , if you do not want to use these cookies when you use your mobile device you should not use our Mobile Device Apps and you should set your mobile device to reject cookies when you use our mobile optimized sites . Non-Personal Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on WebMD 's Behalf We work with third parties to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community . Sponsors or advertisers on the WebMD Web Sites may use their own Cookies , Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on the WebMD Web Sites and in emails , special promotions or newsletters we send you . Their advertisements may be displayed on the WebMD Web Sites or on other sites that you visit after you visit the WebMD Web Sites . Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve their ads and to monitor users ' responses to ads , and these companies ( " Ad Servers " ) may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons on the WebMD Web Sites . We do not control how third parties use Cookies or Web Beacons or how they manage the Non-Personal Information they gather through the use of these technologies on the WebMD Web Sites . However , we do require sponsors , advertisers and Ad Servers who collect cookie or web beacon information through the WebMD Web Sites to agree that they will not collect any Personal Information from the WebMD Web Sites without your consent . They have promised us they will not link any Non-Personal Information collected by them on the WebMD Web Sites to Personal Information they or others collect in other ways or from other sites except as may be described in connection with a particular program . What Choices Do I Have ? Updating/Removing Your Personal Information If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information . You can correct , update or review Personal Information you have previously submitted by going back to the specific tool or application , logging-in and making the desired change . You can also update any Personal Information you have submitted by contacting us using the contact information listed below . If you have registered and desire to delete any of your Personal Information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us using the contact information listed below . Upon your request , we will delete your Personal Information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media . You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to the WebMD Web Sites from our servers . If you decide that you would prefer not to receive personalized email or secure electronic messages from the WebMD Health Manager tool , you may " Opt-out " of the service by clicking on the settings tab on your Health Manager home page and changing your email preference or following the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email . Cookies Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies . Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the " Help " section of the toolbar . If you reject our Cookies , certain of the functions and conveniences of the WebMD Web Sites may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use the WebMD Web Sites . It is important to note that in order to use the opt-out services described below , such as the Network Advertising Initiative and the TRUSTed Ads Program , you must not reject all Cookies because these opt-out procedures work by placing Cookies on your browser that enable these opt-out procedures to function . The opt-out Cookies are placed , for example , in order to help prevent the placement of Cookies used for the targeting of advertising . Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of Cookies . In order to do so , you must Opt-out of such data collection with each individual site . Currently , you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site or TRUSTe 's Preference Manager at http : //preferences.truste.com/ . This website will also allow you to review the Ad Server 's privacy policies . You can find additional information and resources about how to opt out of advertising and related Cookies by visiting the World Privacy Forum 's Site . We work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our Sites . Our ad network vendors use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our web sites to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising based upon your browsing activity and your interests . To read about how to opt out of targeted advertising on the WebMD mobile sites see the section of this policy named TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices below . The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals . TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices In order to give you more control over your privacy choices we have implemented the TRUSTed Ads program from TRUSTe . At the bottom of every page of the WebMD Web Sites you will see an Ad Choices logo , ( which looks like this : Ad Choices Logo ) . By clicking on that logo you will be presented with a window ( the TRUSTe Window ) that will identify all of the companies that WebMD uses to direct tailored advertisements to you , both on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on third-party sites . If you would like to stop this tailored advertising from WebMD , you can manage these advertisements through the choices in that window . By clicking the + symbol next to the name of a vendor in that window you will get information about how and where that vendor assists us with the delivery of advertisements . The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals . The TRUSTed Ads Program is not available on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an iOS device on our mobile optimized sites . Please see the Section entitled " Mobile Device Applications ( " Apps " ) and Mobile Optimized Sites. "  Important : If your device uses the Apple iOS Operating System , you will not see the Ad Choices icon on our mobile optimized sites ( such as www.m.webmd.com. )  Advertisements are not tailored based on browsing activity or interests for devices that access our mobile optimized web sites using the iOS operating system , including iPhone , iPad , and iPod Touch . How Information Collected About You Is Used Information collected by WebMD about you is used by WebMD to :  administer your account , provide you with access to particular tools and services , respond to your inquiries you send to us and to send you administrative communications about the WebMD Web Sites or services , obtain your feedback about the WebMD Web Sites or our offerings , statistically analyze user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the site are visited and how many emails are received and opened , provide you with more relevant content or advertising both on the WebMD Web Sites or on other web sites that you visit after you leave the WebMD Web Sites ; and conduct research and measurement activities , including those described below . WebMD may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources . WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages . During registration or at any time , you have the option of choosing whether or not you wish to receive emails pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities . The WebMD Health Manager email service requires an " opt-in " authorization from you . We also use Cookies in order to enable us to conduct surveys for our own use and on behalf of our advertisers . These Cookies are used to determine whether you have seen certain content or advertising so that we may request your opinions . We may also use Cookies to authenticate respondents or to help you pick up where you left off in a survey . If you have Cookies disabled you may not be able to participate in some surveys . Research and Measurement Activities Information that WebMD collects about you may be combined by WebMD with other information available to WebMD through third parties for research and measurement purposes , including measuring the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs . This information from other sources may include age , gender , demographic , geographic , personal interests , product purchase activity or other information . We may report aggregate information , which is not able to be identified back to an individual user of the WebMD Web Sites , to our current or prospective advertisers and other business partners . We do not sell or share any Personal Information with any third parties , except contractors performing services on our behalf who agree not to use this information received from us for any purpose other than performing services on our behalf . With Whom Do We Share Your Information ? Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information it gathers from you through the WebMD Web Sites . We may only release Personal Information to third parties : ( 1 ) to comply with legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( 2 ) in special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others , to protect property or defend or assert legal rights . In addition , we may disclose Personal Information as described below . In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a sale to , or merger with , another entity , or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy , WebMD reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets . In the event of such a change , your Personal Information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless any changes to the Privacy Policy are made in accordance with the section below that discusses Changes to This Privacy Policy . Disclosures to WebMD Operations and Maintenance Contractor WebMD contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the course of providing products or services to WebMD . These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology , services , data analysis , research , advertising and marketing assistance and/or content for the operation and maintenance of the WebMD Web Sites . We contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors : 1 ) protect the privacy of your Personal and Non-Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy and 2 ) not use or disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information for any purpose other than providing the limited service or function for WebMD . Disclosures to Third Party Web Sites Certain content , services and advertisements offered to you through the WebMD Web Sites are served on , or contain links to , web sites hosted and operated by a company other than WebMD ( " Third Party Web Sites " ) . WebMD does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Web Sites without your consent , but you should be aware that any information you disclose to the other web sites once you access these other web sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy . WebMD does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Web Sites . You should review the privacy policy posted on the other web site to understand how that Third Party Web Site collects and uses your Personal Information . WebMD makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave our website and enter a Third Party Web Site , either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the site before you visit the third party site . In addition , if you see a phrase such as " Powered by " or " in association with " followed by the name of a company other than WebMD , then you are on a web site hosted by a company other than WebMD . How Do We Secure and Retain Your Information ? We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information . Despite WebMD 's efforts to protect your Personal Information , there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted . The security of your Personal Information is important to us . When you enter Personal Information ( including personal health information in various tools on our website ) , we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology . We will retain your Personal Information as long as your account is active or needed to provide you services . At any time you can remove your Personal Information or instruct us to remove it , but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to WebMD from our servers . WebMD tools that collect and store Personal Information allow you to correct , update or review information you have submitted by going back to the specific tool , logging-in and making the desired changes . We will also retain your Personal Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements . Children We are committed to protecting the privacy of children . The WebMD Web Sites are not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13 . The WebMD Web Sites do not collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13 . A parent or guardian , however , may use WebMD Health Manager to establish a personal health record and a WebMD Health Manager home page for a minor . The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor 's use of WebMD Health Manager . The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate . The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through WebMD Health Manager for the minor . Contacting WebMD About Your Personal Information or Privacy Please send us an email by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you . You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :  WebMD , LLC Attn : Office of Privacy 1201 Peachtree Street , NE 400 Colony Square , Suite 2100 Atlanta , GA 30361 Phone : 866-788-3097 Changes to This Privacy Policy We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy or any of our tools or services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise . If we make any material changes to this policy we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified when you register ) and/or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective . We encourage you to periodically review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices . If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy , we ask that you do not register with us and that you do not use the WebMD Web Sites . Please exit the WebMD Web Sites immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy . Accreditations and Privacy Seals URAC : Accredited Health Web Site WebMD has been awarded e-Health accreditation from URAC , formerly the American HealthCare Accreditation Association . URAC is an independent accrediting body that has reviewed and approved WebMD 's WebMD.com Web sites for compliance with its more than 45 quality and ethics standards . To verify our compliance click the URAC logo . To read more , visit the URAC Center on WebMD TRUSTe online privacy certification WebMD has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please email us by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of each page of our site . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . Please bear in mind that TRUSTe 's Watchdog service and certification is for the WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and the WebMD Health Manager sites and does not cover information that may be collected through other WebMD websites , mobile applications or mobile websites . Only information collected by WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , or WebMD Health Manager should be reported in a TRUSTe Watchdog complaint . HONcode Seal WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and eMedicineHealth.com comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information , which can be verified here . Effective Date : May 06 , 2013 2013 WebMD , LLC . All rights reserved . About Us Who We Are What We Do For Our Users Awards and Recognition Policies Advertising Policy Corrections Policy Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Our Sponsors Terms and Conditions of Use Important Information & FAQs Community Overview Privacy FAQs Privacy Terms How We Protect Your Information Spam FAQs How to Change Your Profile Settings About Passwords Accreditation URAC Center Customer Care Contact Us Hot Topics Is Your Eczema Under Control ? Avoid Teeth Brushing Mistakes Eating Out ? Cut Calories , Heartburn 16 Tips for Clear Skin Top 12 Dog Behavior Problems Generic Drugs : What You Need to Know Causes and Cures of Bad Breath Depression , Pain & Anxiety : What 's the Link ? How Diabetes Affects Your Teeth Ulcerative Colitis : Check Your Symptoms Find out how WebMD ensures the quality , accuracy and security of our information . Go WebMD Privacy Policy WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users . This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of WebMD and its services . It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information . We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully . This Privacy Policy applies to Web sites owned and operated by WebMD that are intended for use by consumers ( non-professionals ) for non-commercial personal , family or household purposes , including WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , RxList.com , and eMedicineHealth.com and including the mobile optimized versions of these sites ( we refer to these sites collectively as the WebMD Web Sites ) . This Privacy Policy also applies to the consumer-facing version of the WebMD Health Manager Product . However , if you are an employee or health plan member who has enabled access to your health record at WebMD.com by registering at your employer 's or health plan 's website , the privacy policy applicable to your information at your employer 's or health plan 's website remains applicable to your personal health record at WebMD.com . If your employer or health plan account is no longer made available to you by your employer or health plan , you will continue to have access to your health information from WebMD.com , using the same username and password , but will be subject to this Privacy Policy . Except where noted , statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the WebMD Web Sites also apply to the WebMD Mobile Device Application ( or " App " ) including the WebMD Baby Mobile Device App for the iPhone , the iPad and mobile devices operating with the Android operating system . References to " WebMD " mean WebMD LLC , including any company that WebMD , LLC controls ( for example , a subsidiary that WebMD , LLC owns ) . WebMD may share information among its subsidiaries or web sites that it owns or controls , but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy . Personal Information If you choose to register or update an existing member profile with WebMD or access certain functionality on the WebMD Web Sites , you may be required to submit Personal Information . Personal Information means information that we can use to identify or contact you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address . Some of our interactive tools and services may request you to submit health information , which would also be considered Personal Information . You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Information that you submit to WebMD . Inaccurate information will affect your experience when using the WebMD Web Sites and tools and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy . Registration Access to some WebMD interactive tools and services may be limited to users who have registered . Some of our tools ( such as certain quizzes or calculators ) do not retain your Personal Information , while others ( such as Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar ) store your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the authorization you provide at the time you submit Personal Information in order to use the tool . WebMD Health Manager , which allows you a secure place to gather , store , manage and share your Personal Information and provides tools and services to better manage your health and the health of your family , requires additional registration . WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages . However , WebMD does not allow any third parties to place beacons or cookies or to gather any data about you in connection with your use of the WebMD Health Manager . Furthermore , WebMD does not use any information that you submit in connection with that tool to deliver any advertisements to you on or off of the WebMD Web Sites . If you download the WebMD Magazine App from the Apple App Store News Stand and agree to provide your information to WebMD , your information will be treated like that of a registered user under this Privacy Policy . Newsletters & Emails to You At registration and at various times as you use the WebMD Web Sites , you will be given the option of providing us with Personal Information in order to receive recurring informational/promotional newsletters such as a newsletter relating to a specific health condition via email from WebMD and/or directly from third parties . From time to time WebMD makes subscriptions to our newsletters available on third party websites . If you sign up for one of our newsletters on a third party site the site will provide us with your Personal Information such as your email address and we may use that information as described in this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it directly to WebMD . In the WebMD Health Community , you can also click the Watch This Discussion link in any Health Community posting , and WebMD will send you an email summary of each day 's postings in that Community . When you sign up for our email newsletters on the WebMD Web Sites or at any time , you can choose to opt out of receiving additional promotional newsletters from WebMD or our Sponsors . You can unsubscribe from a newsletter by :  Following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter . Logging in to the WebMD Web Sites and unchecking the newsletters you no longer wish to receive under the My Profile section . Email a Friend If you use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about a feature on the WebMD Web Sites or a newsletter , we will ask you for your name , your email address and your friend 's email address . We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the " from " email address . WebMD does not use your friend 's email information for any other purpose . We will only use the information you provide to send the requested email to your friend . Market Research From time to time , WebMD may conduct online research surveys through email invitations , pop-up surveys and online focus groups . When participating in a survey , we may ask you to enter Personal Information . The Personal Information you submit in a survey may be used by WebMD for research and measurement purposes , as described below , including to measure the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs . When our market research surveys collect Personal Information we will not knowingly accept participants who are under the age of 13 . Market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of WebMD will contain a link to this Privacy Policy . Community , Health Communities , Blogs and Other Public Forums WebMD features several community areas and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer . We also offer online discussions moderated by healthcare experts . Our communities are open to the public and should not be considered private . Any information ( including Personal Information ) you share in any online community area including a chat room , Health Community , Ask Our Expert posting or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not private . You should think carefully before posting any Personal Information in any public forum . What you post can be seen , disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we can not control or predict , including to contact you for unauthorized purposes . As with any public forum on any site , the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines . If you mistakenly post Personal Information in our Community areas and would like it removed , you can send us an email to request that we remove it by using the Contact Us link on every page of the WebMD Web Sites . In some cases , we may not be able to remove your Personal Information . Emails You Send to WebMD This Privacy Policy does not apply to information , content , business information , ideas , concepts or inventions that you send to WebMD by email . If you want to keep content or business information , ideas , concepts or inventions private or proprietary , do not send them in an email to WebMD . Non-Personal Information Even if you do not register with or provide any Personal Information to WebMD , we collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites . Non-Personal Information means information that we can not use to identify or contact you . We may also acquire Non-Personal Information about our users from external sources . While you may use some of the functionality of WebMD without registration , many of the specific tools and services on the WebMD Web Sites require that you register with WebMD . Cookies and Web Beacons We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites and your use of other web sites through the use of Cookies and Web Beacons . Cookies are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the computer you use to view a web site . Every computer that accesses the WebMD Web Sites is assigned a different cookie by WebMD . Web Beacons are graphic image files imbedded in a web page typically used to monitor activity on a web page and send back to its home server ( which can belong to the host site , a network advertiser or some other third party ) information from your browser , such as the IP address , the URL of the page on which the beacon is located , the type browser that is accessing the site and the ID number of any Cookies on your computer previously placed by that server . Third parties under contract with WebMD may use Cookies or Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your usage of the WebMD Web Sites , including which health topics you have viewed . These third party advertising service providers may use this information , on our behalf , to help WebMD deliver advertising on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on other sites on the Internet based on your browsing activity on our sites . WebMD may further tailor the advertising on these third party sites based on additional Non-Personal Information to the extent known by WebMD or these third parties . Mobile Device Applications ( Apps ) and Mobile Optimized Sites When you download and install one of our WebMD Mobile Apps onto your mobile device we assign a random number to your App installation . This number can not be used to identify you personally , and we can not identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of the App . We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of Cookies as described in this Privacy Policy . Unlike Cookies , the random number is assigned to your installation of the App itself and not a browser , because the App does not work through your browser . Therefore the random number can not be removed through settings . If you do not want us to use the random number for the purposes for which we use Cookies , please do not use the Mobile Device Apps . Also , due to technical limitations , our TRUSTed Ads program is not implemented on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an IOS device , on our mobile optimized sites . Because some of the content on our Mobile Device Apps direct your mobile device to our website you will be exposed to the cookies that we use and to third party cookies that may be contained in advertisements that we do not control and will be unable to delete any of these cookies with your mobile device . Therefore , if you do not want to use these cookies when you use your mobile device you should not use our Mobile Device Apps and you should set your mobile device to reject cookies when you use our mobile optimized sites . Non-Personal Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on WebMD 's Behalf We work with third parties to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community . Sponsors or advertisers on the WebMD Web Sites may use their own Cookies , Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on the WebMD Web Sites and in emails , special promotions or newsletters we send you . Their advertisements may be displayed on the WebMD Web Sites or on other sites that you visit after you visit the WebMD Web Sites . Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve their ads and to monitor users ' responses to ads , and these companies ( " Ad Servers " ) may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons on the WebMD Web Sites . We do not control how third parties use Cookies or Web Beacons or how they manage the Non-Personal Information they gather through the use of these technologies on the WebMD Web Sites . However , we do require sponsors , advertisers and Ad Servers who collect cookie or web beacon information through the WebMD Web Sites to agree that they will not collect any Personal Information from the WebMD Web Sites without your consent . They have promised us they will not link any Non-Personal Information collected by them on the WebMD Web Sites to Personal Information they or others collect in other ways or from other sites except as may be described in connection with a particular program . Updating/Removing Your Personal Information If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information . You can correct , update or review Personal Information you have previously submitted by going back to the specific tool or application , logging-in and making the desired change . You can also update any Personal Information you have submitted by contacting us using the contact information listed below . If you have registered and desire to delete any of your Personal Information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us using the contact information listed below . Upon your request , we will delete your Personal Information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media . You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to the WebMD Web Sites from our servers . If you decide that you would prefer not to receive personalized email or secure electronic messages from the WebMD Health Manager tool , you may " Opt-out " of the service by clicking on the settings tab on your Health Manager home page and changing your email preference or following the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email . Cookies Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies . Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the " Help " section of the toolbar . If you reject our Cookies , certain of the functions and conveniences of the WebMD Web Sites may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use the WebMD Web Sites . It is important to note that in order to use the opt-out services described below , such as the Network Advertising Initiative and the TRUSTed Ads Program , you must not reject all Cookies because these opt-out procedures work by placing Cookies on your browser that enable these opt-out procedures to function . The opt-out Cookies are placed , for example , in order to help prevent the placement of Cookies used for the targeting of advertising . Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of Cookies . In order to do so , you must Opt-out of such data collection with each individual site . Currently , you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site or TRUSTe 's Preference Manager at http : //preferences.truste.com/ . This website will also allow you to review the Ad Server 's privacy policies . You can find additional information and resources about how to opt out of advertising and related Cookies by visiting the World Privacy Forum 's Site . We work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our Sites . Our ad network vendors use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our web sites to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising based upon your browsing activity and your interests . To read about how to opt out of targeted advertising on the WebMD mobile sites see the section of this policy named TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices below . The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals . TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices In order to give you more control over your privacy choices we have implemented the TRUSTed Ads program from TRUSTe . At the bottom of every page of the WebMD Web Sites you will see an Ad Choices logo , ( which looks like this : Ad Choices Logo ) . By clicking on that logo you will be presented with a window ( the TRUSTe Window ) that will identify all of the companies that WebMD uses to direct tailored advertisements to you , both on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on third-party sites . If you would like to stop this tailored advertising from WebMD , you can manage these advertisements through the choices in that window . By clicking the + symbol next to the name of a vendor in that window you will get information about how and where that vendor assists us with the delivery of advertisements . The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals . The TRUSTed Ads Program is not available on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an iOS device on our mobile optimized sites . Please see the Section entitled " Mobile Device Applications ( " Apps " ) and Mobile Optimized Sites. "  Important : If your device uses the Apple iOS Operating System , you will not see the Ad Choices icon on our mobile optimized sites ( such as www.m.webmd.com. )  Advertisements are not tailored based on browsing activity or interests for devices that access our mobile optimized web sites using the iOS operating system , including iPhone , iPad , and iPod Touch . Information collected by WebMD about you is used by WebMD to : administer your account , provide you with access to particular tools and services , respond to your inquiries you send to us and to send you administrative communications about the WebMD Web Sites or services , obtain your feedback about the WebMD Web Sites or our offerings , statistically analyze user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the site are visited and how many emails are received and opened , provide you with more relevant content or advertising both on the WebMD Web Sites or on other web sites that you visit after you leave the WebMD Web Sites ; and conduct research and measurement activities , including those described below . WebMD may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources . WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages . During registration or at any time , you have the option of choosing whether or not you wish to receive emails pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities . The WebMD Health Manager email service requires an " opt-in " authorization from you . We also use Cookies in order to enable us to conduct surveys for our own use and on behalf of our advertisers . These Cookies are used to determine whether you have seen certain content or advertising so that we may request your opinions . We may also use Cookies to authenticate respondents or to help you pick up where you left off in a survey . If you have Cookies disabled you may not be able to participate in some surveys . Research and Measurement Activities Information that WebMD collects about you may be combined by WebMD with other information available to WebMD through third parties for research and measurement purposes , including measuring the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs . This information from other sources may include age , gender , demographic , geographic , personal interests , product purchase activity or other information . We may report aggregate information , which is not able to be identified back to an individual user of the WebMD Web Sites , to our current or prospective advertisers and other business partners . We do not sell or share any Personal Information with any third parties , except contractors performing services on our behalf who agree not to use this information received from us for any purpose other than performing services on our behalf . Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information it gathers from you through the WebMD Web Sites . We may only release Personal Information to third parties : ( 1 ) to comply with legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( 2 ) in special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others , to protect property or defend or assert legal rights . In addition , we may disclose Personal Information as described below . In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a sale to , or merger with , another entity , or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy , WebMD reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets . In the event of such a change , your Personal Information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless any changes to the Privacy Policy are made in accordance with the section below that discusses Changes to This Privacy Policy . Disclosures to WebMD Operations and Maintenance Contractor WebMD contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the course of providing products or services to WebMD . These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology , services , data analysis , research , advertising and marketing assistance and/or content for the operation and maintenance of the WebMD Web Sites . We contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors : 1 ) protect the privacy of your Personal and Non-Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy and 2 ) not use or disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information for any purpose other than providing the limited service or function for WebMD . Disclosures to Third Party Web Sites Certain content , services and advertisements offered to you through the WebMD Web Sites are served on , or contain links to , web sites hosted and operated by a company other than WebMD ( " Third Party Web Sites " ) . WebMD does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Web Sites without your consent , but you should be aware that any information you disclose to the other web sites once you access these other web sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy . WebMD does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Web Sites . You should review the privacy policy posted on the other web site to understand how that Third Party Web Site collects and uses your Personal Information . WebMD makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave our website and enter a Third Party Web Site , either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the site before you visit the third party site . In addition , if you see a phrase such as " Powered by " or " in association with " followed by the name of a company other than WebMD , then you are on a web site hosted by a company other than WebMD . We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information . Despite WebMD 's efforts to protect your Personal Information , there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted . The security of your Personal Information is important to us . When you enter Personal Information ( including personal health information in various tools on our website ) , we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology . We will retain your Personal Information as long as your account is active or needed to provide you services . At any time you can remove your Personal Information or instruct us to remove it , but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to WebMD from our servers . WebMD tools that collect and store Personal Information allow you to correct , update or review information you have submitted by going back to the specific tool , logging-in and making the desired changes . We will also retain your Personal Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements . We are committed to protecting the privacy of children . The WebMD Web Sites are not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13 . The WebMD Web Sites do not collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13 . A parent or guardian , however , may use WebMD Health Manager to establish a personal health record and a WebMD Health Manager home page for a minor . The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor 's use of WebMD Health Manager . The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate . The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through WebMD Health Manager for the minor . Please send us an email by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you . You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :  WebMD , LLC Attn : Office of Privacy 1201 Peachtree Street , NE 400 Colony Square , Suite 2100 Atlanta , GA 30361 Phone : 866-788-3097 We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy or any of our tools or services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise . If we make any material changes to this policy we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified when you register ) and/or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective . We encourage you to periodically review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices . If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy , we ask that you do not register with us and that you do not use the WebMD Web Sites . Please exit the WebMD Web Sites immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy . URAC : Accredited Health Web Site WebMD has been awarded e-Health accreditation from URAC , formerly the American HealthCare Accreditation Association . URAC is an independent accrediting body that has reviewed and approved WebMD 's WebMD.com Web sites for compliance with its more than 45 quality and ethics standards . To verify our compliance click the URAC logo . To read more , visit the URAC Center on WebMD TRUSTe online privacy certification WebMD has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please email us by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of each page of our site . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . Please bear in mind that TRUSTe 's Watchdog service and certification is for the WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and the WebMD Health Manager sites and does not cover information that may be collected through other WebMD websites , mobile applications or mobile websites . Only information collected by WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , or WebMD Health Manager should be reported in a TRUSTe Watchdog complaint . HONcode Seal WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and eMedicineHealth.com comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information , which can be verified here . Effective Date : May 06 , 2013 2013 WebMD , LLC . All rights reserved . 
The National Library of Medicine ( NLM ) provides this Web site as a public service . We do not collect any personally identifiable information ( PII ) about you when you visit our Web sites unless you choose to provide that information to us . We do collect some data about your visit to our Web site to help us better understand how the public uses the site and how to make it more helpful . NLM never collects information for commercial marketing or any purpose unrelated to NLM 's functions . When you visit any Web site , certain information about your visit can be collected . NLM automatically collects and temporarily stores the following type of information about your visit :  Internet address and domain from which you visited the NLM Web site Information about the operating system and browser used Date and time of the visit Pages visited Internet address of the Web site that connected you to the NLM Web site Words searched This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various sections of our site and improve organization , coverage , system performance or problem areas . This information is not used for associating search terms or patterns of site navigation with individual users . When search features offer suggested terms , these suggestions are based on aggregated data only . NLM periodically deletes its Web logs . On occasion , NLM may provide aggregated information to third party entities it contracts with for the purposes of research analysis . Aggregated data can not be linked back to an individual user . If your electronic medical record ( EMR ) , patient health record ( PHR ) or other system links you to MedlinePlus , your diagnosis codes or other information , such as medications or procedures names , are sent to our site in order to link you to the most appropriate information . No personally identifiable information is collected in this process . We may review information in order to make improvements to our site and better meet user needs , but such information is reviewed at an aggregated level . When you visit any Web site , it may place a small text file , known as a " cookie " on your computer . The cookie allows the Web site to " remember " specific information about your visit while you are connected or when you return to that site . The Office of Management and Budget Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies ( PDF * , 1.03MB ) , 6/25/10 , allows Federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies , defined below . The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of Web pages . Cookies from NLM Web pages only collect information about your browser 's visit to the site ; they do not collect personal information about you . While visiting certain NLM sites , you may occasionally encounter a Web page that automatically employs cookies to make it easier to use the dynamic features of these Web pages . NLM Web sites may use either single session ( temporary ) or multi-session ( persistent ) cookies . Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open . Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears . Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods . Session Cookies : We use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through our site . The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as " Usage Tier 1 Single Session. "  This tier encompasses any use of single session Web measurement and customization technologies . Persistent Cookies : NLM uses persistent cookies to enhance the Web experience for our users . Persistent cookies remain on your computer between visits to NLM until they expire . The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as " Usage Tier 2 Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) . "  This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected . For example , NLM uses persistent cookies to enable a PubMed retrieval system feature called " MyNCBI. "  The persistent cookie retains user preferences such as search result filters , LinkOut displays , institutional icon links , document delivery services , etc. across user sessions . Users may opt out of the persistent cookie selection in their MyNCBI settings at any time . NLM also uses persistent cookies to avoid repeated invitations to take the American Customer Satisfaction Inventory ( ACSI ) survey . The persistent cookies that block repeated survey invitations expire in 90 days . NLM may employ persistent cookies in other ways consistent with our mission and the OMB guidelines to analyze use patterns and improve our users ' experience on NLM Web sites . If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer , you can disable them at any time from your Web browser . If you opt out of cookies , you will still have access to all information and resources at NLM , but may be unable to use cookie-dependent features . Follow these instructions for disabling or opting out of cookies in the most popular browsers , http : //www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml . Please note that by disabling cookies from your Web browser , you will disable cookies from all sources , not just those from NLM . If you choose to send us personal information by email , or by filling out a form on our Web site , we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with information or material that you request . If provided , personally identifiable information is maintained in a database that is regularly purged . Third party contractors may have access to this information in order to provide a response to your question or comment . These contractors are held to strict policies to safeguard the information and provide the same level of privacy protection as guaranteed by NLM . On occasion , we may conduct a study concerning the types of questions sent to us . These studies help us to improve our Web sites in order to make them more responsive to the needs of our users . We do not give , share , sell , or transfer any personal information to a third party unless required by law . Some NLM Web sites , such as MedlinePlus , provide links to other Internet sites that provide health information . Once you link to another site , you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site . The U.S. Government maintains this site . For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , we use software programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage . Causing damage to federal computer systems is a violation of U.S. law and is subject to criminal prosecution in federal court . In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations , and pursuant to any required legal process , information from NLM Web logs may be used to help identify an individual . Third-Party Web sites and Applications ( TPWA ) are Web-based technologies that are not exclusively operated or controlled by NLM . They may be hosted on a non-government Web site or embedded on an NLM Web page . TPWA technologies may make personally identifiable information ( PII ) available to NLM , regardless of whether we request or collect it . In addition , other official Government Web sites we link to or cooperate with may use a third-party to handle some aspect of an information collection ( for example : contest nomination process ) . As a result , our stated privacy policy/notice may not apply . We use these technologies to communicate and interact with you . Examples include social media Web sites such as Twitter and Facebook . Your activity on these non-government sites is governed by the security and privacy policies of those sites . When you use them , you are often sharing information with the general public , other users , and/or the group operating that site or application . We recommend you review the privacy policies of these sites before using them to ensure you understand how these third-party sites and applications might use your information . You may be able to adjust the privacy settings on your account . The list below includes the applications we use and their purposes . For any sites or applications that collect PII , this list also includes details on the information they collect and how NLM protects your private information . AddThis allows you to bookmark and share NLM content in a variety of ways , including through social media sites and your Web-based email service . You do not need to register or provide any personal information to use AddThis . The AddThis service collects non-personal data , including aggregate and summary statistics on Web browsers and usage patterns . AddThis also uses non-personal data to manage their service efficiently and diagnose server problems . Although AddThis offers some analytics and usage data to NLM , these reports do not include any personally identifiable information . The reports are password protected and only available to NLM managers , members of the NLM Web Teams , and other designated NLM staff requiring this information to perform their duties . The AddThis Privacy & Data Practices are available at : http : //www.addthis.com/privacy . NLM uses the Go.USA.gov and Bit.ly URL shortening services . The shorter URLs are shared in our e-mail messages , Twitter feeds , and on NLM 's Facebook pages . The services collect data about how often users click on these shortened URLs . The analytics data is provided by Go.USA.Gov and Bit.ly . This data does not provide any personally identifiable information about the visitors who opened NLM 's shortened links . The Go.USA.Gov Privacy Statement is available at https : //go.usa.gov/policies . The Bit.ly Privacy Policy is available at : http : //bit.ly/pages/privacy . NLM has multiple Facebook pages where we share information about NLM news , program activities , and other items that may be of interest to you . You do not need to register or provide personal information to view our Facebook pages . The complete list of NLM Facebook pages is at http : //www.nlm.nih.gov/socialmedia/index.html . If you have a Facebook account and " Like " NLM Facebook pages , you may post comments or click the " Like " link for individual entries . If you comment on or " Like " NLM Facebook content , personally identifying information will be visible to other Facebook visitors , including NLM staff . The amount of visible personal information about you will depend on your own Facebook privacy settings . To avoid displaying your personally identifiable information , you should not create a Facebook account , post comments or click on the " Like " options in Facebook . NLM does not collect , use or disclose any information about visitors who comment on or " Like " NLM Facebook pages . Facebook collects and reports non-personally identifiable information about activities on NLM 's Facebook pages . This information is password protected and only available to NLM managers and the administrators of the NLM Facebook pages , who require this information to perform their duties . The Facebook Privacy Policy is available at : http : //www.facebook.com/policy.php . NLM uses GovDelivery to manage email subscriptions for its electronic newsletters , email alerts and other messages about NLM products and services . To subscribe to Gov Delivery for NLM updates , you must provide an email address and indicate your subscription preferences , including the NLM products and type of updates you would like to receive . GovDelivery collects non-identifiable information about the number of messages sent , how often people open the email messages and whether they click on the links in messages . This information is provided to NLM managers on GovDelivery 's password protected Web site . It is only available to NLM managers and staff who manage the email subscription lists as part of their regular duties . The GovDelivery Privacy Policy is available at : http : //www.govdelivery.com/legal-privacy . NLM uses iTunes to make iPhone , iPod and iPad apps available for download through the Apple 's App Store . A list of NLM apps is available at http : //www.nlm.nih.gov/mobile/ . You do not need to register or provide personal information to view the NLM app in the App Store . If you use the iTunes application to view information about NLM apps , iTunes collects information specified in its privacy policy . If you have an iTunes account and download an app , you may rate or review the app . If you review an NLM app , your personally identifiable information will be visible to other iTunes visitors , including NLM staff . The amount of visible personal information will depend on your account settings . To avoid displaying your personally identifiable information , you should not create an iTunes account , download apps , or post ratings . NLM does not collect , maintain , disclose , or share any information about people who download NLM apps . Apple collects and provides non-identifying information on how many times an app is downloaded and the continent it is downloaded from . This information is password protected and only available to NLM managers and the administrators of the NLM iTunes apps , who require this information to perform their duties . The iTunes privacy policy is available at : http : //www.apple.com/privacy/ . NLM uses Twitter to send short messages ( up to 140 characters ) , which are also known as " Tweets , " to share information about NLM news , program activities , and other items that may be of interest to you . We also respond to comments and questions sent via Twitter to NLM . You do not need to register or provide personal information to view our Twitter feeds . A complete list of NLM Twitter feeds is available at : http : //www.nlm.nih.gov/socialmedia/index.html . If you want to subscribe to ( also known as " Follow " ) the NLM Twitter feeds , you may create a Twitter account at http : //www.twitter.com . To create an account , you must provide your name and email address and create a user name and password . You may provide additional information including a short biography , location or a picture . Most of your personal information in your Twitter account is available to the public unless you update your privacy settings . NLM staff monitor the number of subscribers ( known as " Followers " ) and respond to their comments and queries via Twitter , but we do not track the personal information of our Twitter followers . NLM does not collect , maintain , disclose or share any information about people who follow NLM on Twitter . The Twitter Privacy Policy is available at : http : //twitter.com/privacy . * PDF documents require the use of the Adobe Reader , which can be downloaded from the Adobe Web site at no charge . 
Privacy policy By Mayo Clinic staff Updated July 13 , 2013 We take your privacy seriously , and we want you to know how we collect , use , share and protect your information . In addition to this privacy policy , users of the Mayo Clinic site should consult the Mayo Clinic site terms of use as well as any product specific terms and conditions that apply . Policies specifically related to patient information ( protected health information , or PHI ) submitted through Mayo Clinic 's patient portal can be reviewed here . http : //www.mayoclinic.org/global/patient-privacy.html This policy applies to MayoClinic.com , MayoClinic.org and MayoClinic.edu and other Web locations under Mayo Clinic 's control . We respect the right to privacy of all visitors to the Mayo Clinic site . We do not collect information that would personally identify you unless you choose to provide it . For example , if you choose to join the community at Mayo Clinic Online Community , the privacy policy and terms of use of that site apply . The personal information that you submit , such as on the appointment request form , is shared only with those people in the Mayo organization who need this information to respond to your question or request . Information submitted through Mayo Clinic 's online forms may be collected to ensure technical functionality . It will also be utilized to address any inappropriate use of our website . We do not save personal information to use for other purposes , nor do we provide it to any other organizations . MayoClinic.com provides you with the opportunity to receive communications from us or third parties . You can sign up for a free email newsletter . You can unsubscribe from this newsletter at any time . Email communications that you send to us via the email links on our site may be shared with a customer service representative , employee , medical expert or agent that is most able to address your inquiry . We make every effort to respond in a timely fashion once communications are received . Once we have responded to your communication , it is discarded or archived , depending on the nature of the inquiry . The email functionality on our site does not provide a completely secure and confidential means of communication . It 's possible that your email communication may be accessed or viewed by another Internet user while in transit to us . If you wish to keep your communication private , do not use our email . You may decide at some point that you no longer wish to receive communications from our site . To stop receiving communications , send an email message to mayoinfo @ mayoclinic.com or send regular mail to the following postal address :  Security and Privacy Officer MayoClinic.com 200 First St. SW Rochester , MN 55905 We occasionally survey visitors to our site . The information from these surveys is used in aggregated , de-identified form to help us understand the needs of our visitors so that we can improve our site . The information may be shared with third parties with whom we have a business relationship . We generally do not ask for information in surveys that would personally identify you ; if we do request contact information for follow-up , you may decline to provide it . If survey respondents provide personal information ( such as an email address ) in a survey , it is shared only with those people who need to see it to respond to the question or request , or with third parties who perform data management services for our site . Those third parties have agreed to keep all data from surveys confidential . The Web server automatically collects the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the computers that access our site . An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you access the Internet . It is not truly personally identifiable information because many different individuals can access the Internet via the same computer . We use this information in aggregate form to understand how our site or advertisements from Mayo Clinic are being used and how we can better serve visitors . We collect information about visitors to our site using " cookies " ( see definition on Webopedia ) and similar technology such as Web beacons , Web bugs , pixel tags , and so on . We use this technology to recognize a repeat visitor and offer the visitor a set of services or information requested in a previous visit . We use session cookies to track a visitor 's path through our site during a visit , to help us understand how people use our site . How we use the information we collect We use the information we collect for things like :  Fulfilling orders and requests for products , services or information Processing returns and exchanges Tracking and confirming online orders Delivering or installing products Marketing and advertising products and services Conducting research and analysis Communicating things like special events and surveys Establishing and managing your accounts with us Identifying you on our websites and tailoring advertisements and offers to you ( both on our websites and on other websites ) based on your interactions with us in our stores and online Operating , evaluating and improving our business We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services , comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements . Except for authorized law enforcement investigations or other valid legal processes , we will not share any personally identifiable information we receive from you with any parties outside of Mayo Clinic . We may share some information to third parties We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties who we have engaged to help us provide the services . In each case , we will ensure that these third parties have agreed not to use or disclose your personal information except to help us provide the services . Except as noted above for newsletters and surveys , Mayo Clinic does not provide any third party access to your IP address and email address . We may provide third parties with aggregate statistics about our visitors , traffic patterns and related site information . These data reflect site-usage patterns gathered during visits to our website each month , but they do not contain behavioral or identifying information about any individual member unless that member has given us permission to share that information . To help us determine the effectiveness of Mayo Clinic advertising , we work with Web analytics tools hosted by third parties who receive nonidentifiable information from your browser , including the site or the advertisement you came from , your IP address , your general geographic location , your browser and platform information , and the pages you view within our site . Our sponsors and advertisers and their ad servers may use cookies when you view pages on our site . They use those cookies to collect nonpersonal information as a way of measuring the effectiveness of their advertising , or to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you or to avoid running the same ads to you over time . We do not control these third parties ' use of cookies or how they manage the nonpersonal information they gather through them . However , our sponsors and advertisers have agreed that they will not collect any personally identifiable information from our site visitors while they are on MayoClinic.com . If you click on an advertisement on MayoClinic.com and visit a site maintained by one of our sponsors or advertisers , please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of that site . You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you . Some of our advertisers may participate in the Facebook/Nielsen program , which helps advertisers improve their measurement of advertising effectiveness . If you are a Facebook user and access a page on our site containing an ad from a participating advertiser , Facebook receives a random numeric code identifying the ad that was served to you . The ad is only identified to Facebook by the numeric code . Facebook does not receive information that identifies the product or the advertiser . Facebook , in turn , discloses only aggregate , de-identified information to Nielsen and the advertiser , not any personally identifiable information from your Facebook profile . You can learn more about this program and find out how to opt out here : https : //www.facebook.com/help/ ?faq=211774365532736# What-is-the-Nielsen-partnership-with-Facebook-and-how-does-it-affect-me and here : http : //www.nielsen-online.com/privacy.jsp ?section=leg_scs . Note that Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on our site . Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our site users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet . No personally identifiable information is collected as part of Google 's process . Users may opt out of the use of this DART cookie by visiting Google 's privacy document . If you would like more information about these practices and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , visit the Network Advertising Initiative . Some ad servers allow you to opt out of anonymous data collection through the use of cookies . To do so , you must opt out of such data collection with each individual site . You can opt out of cookies for several ad servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site . At that site you can also review the privacy policies of those ad servers . Everyday Health may also use a third party ad network provider , Collective Media , to help present advertisements on this website . Third party ad serving enables Everyday Health to target advertisements on MayoClinic.com to you for products and services you might be interested in . These third party network advertisers , along with other advertisers and sponsors on the website , may use cookies , Web beacons ( also called single pixel GIFs or action tags ) or similar technologies ( and , in the case of cookies , access them on your computer if you choose to have cookies enabled in your browser ) to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited , to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before , to avoid sending you duplicated advertisements and to serve you advertisements on other sites . In doing so , the provider collects nonpersonal data such as your browser type , your operating system , Web pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed and other clickstream data . The use of third party cookies , Web beacons and similar technologies by these ad network providers is governed by each third party 's specific privacy policy , not this one . Please visit Network Advertising Initiative to learn more about the information collection practices and opt-out procedures of third party ad networks we may use . Whether you are visiting the Mayo Clinic site or in one of our clinic locations , we use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it . We use a variety of information security measures to protect your online transactions with us . The Mayo Clinic site uses encryption technology , such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) , to protect your personal information during data transport . SSL protects information you submit via our website , such as ordering information including your name , address and credit card number . That being said , Mayo Clinic can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk . We have taken reasonable steps to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of personally identifiable information that you may provide . You should understand , however , that electronic transmissions via the Internet are not necessarily secure from interception , and so we can not absolutely guarantee the security or confidentiality of such transmissions . To further protect your privacy , you may choose to :  Stop receiving marketing or promotional emails , direct mail , phone and mobile marketing communications from Mayo Clinic Update and correct your personal information Cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services To do any of these , contact Mayo Clinic by one of the methods listed below . If you come to a Mayo Clinic website via a Mayo Clinic advertisement , the ad may have been served to you based on your interests or selected for you based on your browsing activities . If you want to opt out of being served Mayo Clinic advertisements based on your browsing activity , you may opt out of cookies for multiple ad servers by visiting http : //info.evidon.com/more_info/1936 and http : //www.goodwaygroup.com/privacy . We are committed to protecting children 's privacy on the Internet , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children . Our websites link to other websites , many of which have their own privacy policies . Be sure to review the privacy policy on the site you 're visiting . We may need to update our privacy policy as technology changes and Mayo Clinic evolves . If we make significant changes to the privacy policy , we 'll post a prominent message on our websites . Security and Privacy Officer MayoClinic.com 200 First St. SW Rochester , MN 55905 If you 've contacted the website about a privacy-related concern and you do not believe your problem has been addressed , you may file a complaint with the Mayo Clinic chief security officer by calling the Mayo Clinic general number at 507-284-2511 and asking for the chief security officer . This policy was last updated July 2013 . 
MyFitnessPal , Inc. ( hereinafter , " MyFitnessPal " ) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of users of the Website and MyFitnessPal mobile phone applications ( the " Applications " ) . MyFitnessPal created this Privacy Policy to explain its information collection and use practices and the protection of Your information when You visit and use the Website and Applications . Any terms capitalized but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the MyFitnessPal Terms of Use . This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Website and Applications and does not apply to any websites or applications that are owned or operated by third parties ( " Third-Party Websites/Applications " ) , which may have data collection , storage and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy . For additional information , see the section concerning Third-Party Websites/Applications , below . BY USING THE WEBSITE AND/OR APPLICATIONS , YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD , AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF , THIS PRIVACY POLICY . IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND OR DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY , YOU MAY NOT USE THE WEBSITE AND/OR APPLICATION . Traffic Data . MyFitnessPal automatically gathers information of the sort that browsers automatically make available , including : ( i ) IP addresses ; ( ii ) domain servers ; ( iii ) types of computers accessing the Website ; and ( iv ) types of Web browsers accessing the Website ( collectively " Traffic Data " ) . Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify You . Cookies . A " Cookie " is a string of information that a website stores on a user 's computer , and that the user 's browser provides to the website each time the user submits a query to the website . The purpose of a Cookie is to identify the user as a unique user of the Website . MyFitnessPal uses Cookies to customize Your experience on the Website to Your interests , to ensure that You do not see the same advertisements or informational messages repeatedly , and to store Your password so You do not have to re-enter it each time You visit the Website . In addition , MyFitnessPal may use Cookies , and other methods , to store and retrieve data from Your web browser . For additional information on MyFitnessPal 's uses of Cookies , see the section concerning Information Use and Disclosure Practices/Traffic Data and Information Gathered Using Cookies , below . IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO HAVE COOKIES PLACED ON YOUR COMPUTER , YOU SHOULD SET YOUR BROWSERS TO REFUSE COOKIES BEFORE ACCESSING THE WEBSITE , WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT CERTAIN OF THE SERVICES AND CERTAIN FEATURES OF THE WEBSITE MAY NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY WITHOUT THE AID OF COOKIES . Web Beacons . " Web Beacons " ( also known as clear gifs , pixel tags or web bugs ) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to Cookies , and are used to track the online movements of web users or to access Cookies . Unlike Cookies which are stored on the user 's computer hard drive , Web Beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages ( or in e-mail ) . Web Beacons may be used to deliver or communicate with Cookies , to count users who have visited certain pages and to understand usage patterns . For additional information on MyFitnessPal 's uses of Web Beacons , see the section concerning Information Use and Disclosure Practices/Traffic Data and Information Gathered Using Cookies & Web Beacons , below . Mobile Device Data . When users download , install and use the Applications on their mobile phone or other wireless telecommunications device , MyFitnessPal automatically gathers information , including without limitation , carrier providers , a unique device identifier , geo-location information ( if allowed by the user ) , the types of mobile devices accessing the Application , and the types of operating systems accessing the Applications ( collectively , " Mobile Device Data " ) . A unique device identifier is a string of alphanumeric characters ( similar to a serial number ) used to uniquely identify and distinguish each mobile phone or other wireless communications device . Location services can be enabled or disabled at anytime , through the mobile device settings . MyFitnessPal uses Mobile Device Data to understand usage patterns and to improve the Applications . For additional information on MyFitnessPal 's uses of Mobile Device Data , see the section concerning Information Use and Disclosure Practices/Traffic Data and Information Gathered Using Cookies , Web Beacons , and Mobile Device Data , below . Ad Serving and Usage Analytics . MyFitnessPal uses third-parties for advertising and usage analytics for the Website and Applications . These third-parties may place Cookies on Your machine , use Web Beacons , gather Personal Information ( as defined below ) , Traffic Data and Mobile Device Data , and log data to collect traffic and activity data in order to deliver relevant metrics , content , and advertising . We do not share your non-public Personal Information with these parties , but we may share anonymized or aggregated information with them to improve the relevancy of the ads you see at MyFitness Pal . The collection of this information by third-parties is subject to such third-parties ' privacy policies . For additional information , see the section concerning Third-Party Websites/Applications , below . With regards to advertising on the Website , to learn more about behavioral advertising practices or to opt-out of this type of advertising , visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices , http : //www.aboutads.info/choices , and http : //opt.jumptap.com/optout/opt ?jt . Personal Information . You will be asked to provide MyFitnessPal certain information related to You ( " Personal Information " ) . Personal Information includes , without limitation : ( 1 ) " Contact Data " ( personally identifiable information about You , such as Your name and email address , as well as Your friends and contacts , if you enable access to Your contacts and address book information ) ; and ( 2 ) " Demographic Data " ( personal information about You ( but does n't specifically identify You ) , such as Your gender , birthday , zip code , country , height , weight , lifestyle and exercise frequency ) ; and ( 3 ) " Fitness Data " ( information about Your use of the Services ( but does n't specifically identify You ) , such as Your caloric intake , nutritional statistics , fitness activity , and weight loss/gain ) . The Personal Information you provide is used for such purposes as allowing you to set up a user account and profile , providing the Website and/or Applications and related services , monitoring and improving the content and usage of the Website and/or Applications , interacting with the Website and/or Applications and with your friends and other members , to find and connect with Your friends and other members ( when instructed by You ) , customizing the advertising and content you see , communicating with you about new features and other news , and any other purpose for which the information was collected . We may also draw upon this Personal Information in order to adapt the Website and/or Applications to your needs , to research the effectiveness of our Website and/or Applications , and to develop new tools for our members . You are under no obligation to provide Personal Information , however , not providing this information may prevent You from using certain features of the Services . Third Party Services . If you create an account using Your login/ID from a Third Party Service , like Facebook , MyFitnessPal will use Your login/ID to access and collect the information that Your privacy settings on that Third Party Service permits MyFitnessPal to access so that MyFitnessPal can create Your account and connect You with Your friends . Information You Make Public . Certain portions of the Website and Applications are open to any viewer , such as our community forums and Your personal profile . Any information You post in these locations may be available and accessible to other members of the Website . In addition , the Website contains features that permit You to upload , post , transmit , display , perform or distribute content , information or other data , including Your Personal Information . Any information that You choose to disclose by means of such features becomes public information . You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose Your Personal Information by means of such features , and You agree to assume all responsibility for doing so . Traffic Data and Information Gathered Using Cookies , Web Beacons & Mobile Device Data . MyFitnessPal analyzes Traffic Data and information gathered using Cookies , Web Beacons and Mobile Device Data to help MyFitnessPal better understand who is using the Website and/or Applications and how they are using the Website and/or Applications . By identifying patterns and trends in usage , MyFitnessPal is able to better design the Website and Applications to improve Your experience , and to serve You more relevant and interesting content and advertisements . From time to time , MyFitnessPal may release Traffic Data and information gathered using Cookies , Web Beacons and Mobile Device Data in the aggregate , such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Website . In addition , MyFitnessPal may share Traffic Data and Mobile Device Data and information gathered using Cookies and Web Beacons with : ( 1 ) third-party analytics companies so that such third-parties may help MyFitnessPal better understand who is using the Website and/or Applications and how they are using the Website and/or Applications ; ( 2 ) advertisers and marketing partners so that such third-parties may provide You with advertisements tailored to Your interests ; and ( 3 ) service providers so that we can personalize , provide and improve our Services to Your use and interests . Personal Information Contact Data . MyFitnessPal uses Your Contact Data to send You information about MyFitnessPal and MyFitnessPal 's products and services , and to contact You when necessary in connection with the Services . MyFitnessPal uses Your Contact Data ( when instructed by You ) to connect You with Your friends and other members with whom You want to connect with , according to the preferences set in Your account . Demographic Data . MyFitnessPal uses Your Demographic Data to customize and tailor Your experience on the Website and/or Applications . As with Traffic Data and Mobile Device Data and information gathered using Cookies and Web Beacons , from time to time MyFitnessPal may release or share Demographic Data with third parties in anonymous form and/or in the aggregate , for industry analysis , research , demographic profiling and other similar purposes . In addition , MyFitnessPal shares anonymized Demographic Data with its advertisers and marketing partners so that such third-parties may provide You with advertisements tailored to Your interests . To opt-out of sharing your anonymized and Demographic Data with our advertising and marketing partners , visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices , http : //www.aboutads.info/choices , and http : //opt.jumptap.com/optout/opt ?jt . Fitness Data . MyFitnessPal uses Your Fitness Data to provide , personalize and improve Your experience on the Website and/or Applications . As with Demographic Data and other data gathered through the Service , MyFitnessPal may release or share Fitness Data with third parties in anonymous form and/or in the aggregate , for statistical analysis , research , demographic profiling and other similar purposes . In addition , MyFitnessPal may share your Fitness Data along with some of Your Demographic Data , in anonymous form and in the aggregate , with other MyFitnessPal users so that You and other users can compare their own personal fitness , health and wellness situation relative to the entire MyFitnessPal community . Other Disclosure Practices Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy , and when You otherwise give permission or under the following circumstances , MyFitnessPal will not share Your Personal Information with third parties . Disclosure in Connection with Services . MyFitnessPal discloses Personal Information to those who help it provide services , including those who perform technical , administrative and data processing tasks such as hosting , billing , fulfillment , and data storage and security . By Law or to Protect Rights . MyFitnessPal discloses Personal Information when required to do so by law , or in response to a subpoena or court order , or when MyFitnessPal believes in its sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of MyFitnessPal , third-parties or the public at large . Business Transfers ; Bankruptcy . MyFitnessPal reserves the right to transfer all Personal Information in its possession to a successor organization in the event of a merger , acquisition , or bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of MyFitnessPal ' assets . Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court , the use and disclosure of all transferred Personal Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy , or to a new privacy policy if You are given notice of that new privacy policy and an opportunity to affirmatively opt-out of it . Personal Information submitted or collected after a transfer , however , may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by MyFitnessPal 's successor organization . In providing the Services , You may receive periodic email communications from MyFitnessPal regarding the Services , such as new product offers and other information regarding the Services , which are part of the Services and which You can not opt out of receiving . You may also receive periodic promotions and other offers or materials MyFitnessPal believes might be of interest to You . You can opt-out of receiving these promotional messages at any time by ( a ) following the unsubscribe instructions contained in each message ; or ( b ) changing the messaging preferences in Your account . By finding and connecting with Your friends and other members , You may receive electronic communications , including email and personal messages from other MyFitnessPal members . You can manage the messages You receive from other members by changing the messaging preferences in Your account . MyFitnessPal has implemented and maintains reasonable security procedures and practices designed to protect against the unauthorized access , use , modification , destruction or disclosure of Your Personal Information , however , despite these efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse . In the event that Your Personal Information is compromised as a result of a breach of security , MyFitnessPal will promptly notify You if Your Personal Information has been compromised as required by applicable law . If You have an account , You can access and modify Your Personal Information through Your account , at any time . If you completely delete all such information You will not be able to access or use the Website and/or Applications correctly . If You would like MyFitnessPal to delete Your Personal Information from its system , please contact us at removal @ myfitnesspal.com with a request that we delete Your Personal Information from its database . MyFitnessPal will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor Your request ; however , MyFitnessPal may retain an archived copy of Your records as required by law or for other legitimate business purposes . MyFitnessPal wants Your Personal Information to be complete and accurate . By using the Website and/or Applications , You represent and warrant that all information You provide on any registration form or otherwise in connection with Your use of the Website and/or Applications and Services will be complete and accurate , and that You will update that information as necessary to maintain its completeness and accuracy . To confirm the completeness and accuracy of , or make changes to , Your Personal Information , please visit Your personal profile . The Website and Applications contain links to Third-Party Websites/Applications . MyFitnessPal does not own or control these Third-Party Websites/Applications . MyFitnessPal is not responsible for the privacy and security practices and policies of those Third-Party Websites/Applications and this Privacy Policy does not apply to any Third-Party Websites/Applications , except with respect to Personal Information provided directly to them by MyFitnessPal . Before visiting or providing Personal Information to a Third-Party Website , You should inform Yourself of the privacy policies and practices ( if any ) of that Third-Party Website , and should take those steps necessary to , in Your discretion , protect Your privacy . MyFitnessPal reserves the right to , update , change or modify this Privacy Policy . Any material changes to this policy will be posted on the Website and/or Applications ( or You may be notified by email or other notification ) , and will indicate when such changes will become effective . You will be deemed to have agreed to any such modification or amendment by Your decision to continue using the Website and/or Application following the date in which the modified or amended Privacy Policy is posted on the Website . Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used . MyFitnessPal does not solicit or knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 . If MyFitnessPal obtains actual knowledge that it has collected personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 , MyFitnessPal will promptly delete such information from its database . If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide Your information to MyFitnessPal , Your information will be transferred to the United States and processed there ( or any other country where MyFitnessPal operates ) . By providing Your information and using the Website and/or Applications , You agree and consent to the collection , transfer , use , storage and disclosure of Your information as described in this Privacy Policy . EFFECTIVE DATE : JUNE 11 , 2013 
Home Call Toll Free : 877-985-2695 JoinSign inFAQCart SEARCH Home SupplementsFood & BeveragePersonal CareHouseholdPetsKidsFitnessLibraryTop SellersContact Us HOME Mercola.com 's Policy on Security , Privacy and Website Terms of Use truste-logoThis policy sets forth the type of information Mercola.com collects from you via this website ( the " Website " ) , the way we use such information , and the procedures we use to keep such information confidential . This policy also sets forth the terms and conditions of your use of the website and its content . Mercola.com takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users ' personal information . When users submit sensitive information via the Mercola.com website , their information is protected both online and off-line . Contents Your Consent Notification of Changes Opt-Out or Termination of User Accounts Contact Information Security The Information We Collect Children under 13 Log Files The Way We Use Information Newsletter Email-A-Friend Links Third Party Advertising Unsolicited Ideas Intellectual Property Copyright Infringement Policy for Claims under the DMCA Warranties and Warranty Disclaimer Limitation of Liability and Liability Disclaimer Indemnification Miscellaneous By using the Website , you consent to the collection and use of certain information in the manner we describe and agree to be bound by the terms of use as set forth herein . By logging into your cart , you consent to periodic email notifications regarding the status of your check-out process . You may opt out of these any time after your initial notice . The practices and policies contained in this Policy are subject to change at any time without prior notice . If we decide to change our policies , we will post those changes on this Website . Information collected before changes are made will be secured according to the Policy in place at the time such information is collected notwithstanding future changes to this Policy . The practices and policies in this Policy replace all previous notices or statements with respect to the same subject matter . If users have opted out of all communication with the Website , or deleted/deactivated their account , Mercola.com will not contact such users again nor will their personal information ever be used by us in any manner . If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact us . We are committed to preventing others from unauthorized access to the personal information you provide to us , and we maintain commercially reasonable procedures and technology designed for this purpose . The Website has reasonable technical and organizational security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under our control . However , we can not guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes . When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information , such as credit card number , that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry , 128-bit SSL . While on a secure page , such as our order form , the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked , as opposed to un-locked , or open , when users are just ' surfing ' . While we use 128-bit SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online , we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line . All of our users ' information , not just the sensitive information mentioned above , is restricted in our offices . Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job ( for example , our billing clerk or a customer service representative ) are granted access to personally identifiable information . Finally , the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment . We request information from the user on our secure order form . A user must provide contact information ( such as name , email , and shipping address ) and financial information ( such as credit card number , expiration date ) . This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer 's orders . We may store this information securely on our server . If we have trouble processing an order , the information is used to contact the user . This information is only shared with other companies who work on behalf of Mercola.com to provide a product or service to you . Unless we tell you differently , these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us . We may also use this information to inform you of additional goods and services about which you might be interested or to customize your experience and use of the Website . We may ask you for personally-identifying information in connection with a promotion or survey . Any email you receive from us , or third parties authorized by you to send email , will contain additional opt-out or unsubscribe options in the email with instructions on how to unsubscribe from receiving future emails . We may automatically gather general statistical information about our website and visitors , such as IP addresses , browsers , pages viewed , number of visitors , goods and services purchased , transactions completed , etc . To do this , we use action tags and cookies provided by our site analytics and marketing partners . Although these partners log the information coming from our site on our behalf , we authorize how that data may and may not be used . We do not knowingly collect or use personal information from children under 13 without containing verifiable consent from their parents . We have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who address our website , and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages . If a child has provided us with personal information without parental or guardian consent , the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information and opt out of promotional opportunities . For more information about the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) , visit http : //www.coppa.org/ . Like most standard website servers , we use log files . This includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp , and number of clicks to analyze trends , administer the site , track user 's movement in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use . IP addresses , etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information . Our goal is to provide products that best meet your needs , therefore we evaluate your personal interactions with us in an effort to bring you the products which best suit your tastes . In addition , we use your information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts , to statistically analyze site usage , to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our site 's content , layout , and services . We may use your information to deliver information to you that , in some cases , is targeted to your interests , such as targeted banners , new products , services and promotions . At times we may ask you to provide us voluntarily with additional information regarding your personal or business interests , experience or requests , which we may use to customize our products and services for you . If you place a request for products or services , we use your personal information to ship your order ; if the products or services are from a retail partner , we may provide your relevant information to that retailer for purposes of the transaction . If you establish a credit account with us or our providers , we collect additional information , including billing information , credit card number and expiration date , and tracking information from checks or money orders . We may also use or disclose information to resolve disputes or investigate problems . We may disclose or access information whenever we believe in good faith that the law so requires or if we otherwise consider it necessary to do so to maintain service and improve our products and services . We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers , to manage our website and to enhance our site based on the usage pattern data we receive . Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter may opt-out of receiving these communications by following the instructions on our unsubscribe page . If a user elects to use our E-mail to a friend service for informing a someone about an article , we launch the default email program on the users computer . We do not know who you send the article to and therefore we could not collect and store that data . The Web site contains links to other sites . Mercola.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites . By including links to other websites , we neither endorse such sites nor guarantee that the information they contain is accurate . We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site to read the privacy statements of every linked website as the privacy policies of each may differ from ours . This privacy statement applies solely to the Mercola.com website . We do not accept any paid advertisements on Mercola.com . Any services or products recommended and/or offered in the newsletter or elsewhere on Mercola.com have gone through extensive review before such recommendations , and based on that review were recommended and/or offered . Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ds on Mercola.com . Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Mercola.com users based on their visit to Mercola.com and other sites on the Internet . Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website . These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . We welcome feedback , questions and comments about our products , services and this Website . As a general policy , we do not accept unsolicited ideas for products or services through this Website . All communications and other materials ( including , without limitation , unsolicited ideas , photographs , drawings , suggestions , or materials ) you send to this Website by e-mail or otherwise are and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Mercola.com and may be used by us for any purpose whatsoever , commercial or otherwise , without compensation to you . Mercola.com is the exclusive owner and or licensee of the content , products and services ( " Content " ) offered on the Mercola website and retains all proprietary rights in and to such Content , including all copyrighted material , trademarks , and other proprietary information of Mercola.com , and its licensors . Except for that information which is in the public domain or for which you have been given written permission , you may not copy , modify , publish , transmit , distribute , perform , display , or sell any such proprietary information . If you believe that any Content has been copied and posted on the Mercola website by Mercola or any third party in a manner that constitutes copyright or trademark infringement , please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information : an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest ; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed ; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Website ; your address , telephone number , and email address ; a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner , its agent , or the law ; a statement by you , made under penalty of perjury , that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner 's behalf . Mercola.com 's Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement under the DMCA can be reached as follows :  Mercola.com Customer Service 3200 W. Higgins Road Hoffman Estates , IL 60169 Mercola will use reasonable commercial efforts to maintain the functionality and availability of the services ; however the services are provided to you " AS IS " without any warranty of any kind . TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW , MERCOLA.COM HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES , EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED , WITH RESPECT TO THE WEBSITE , ITS CONTENT , PRODUCTS AND SERVICES INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE . You agree that your use of the Website is done entirely at your own risk . Mercola does not warrant that your use of the Website will be uninterrupted or error free . Mercola.com is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate Content posted on the website , whether caused by Mercola , Members , non-members , agents , representatives , partners or licensors . Mercola.com assumes no responsibility for any error , omission , interruption , deletion , defect , delay in operation or transmission , communications line failure , theft or destruction or unauthorized access to , or alteration of , user or Member communications . Mercola.com is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines , computer online systems or access , servers or providers , computer equipment , software , failure of email on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any website or combination thereof , including injury or damage to users and/or Members or to any other person 's computer related to or resulting from participating or downloading materials in connection with the services . Mercola makes no warranties and shall have no liability for any claim of copyright , trademark or patent infringement based on your use of or combination of any third party product or software with the services , or any part thereof , ( unless authorized in writing by Mercola ) if such infringement would have been avoided by the use of the services without the use of other software , hardware or products . MERCOLA AND ITS AGENTS , REPRESENTATIVES , PARTNERS , SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR AND DAMAGES OR LOSS ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES , INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION TO INCIDENTAL , CONSEQUENTIAL , OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGE , WHETHER BASED ON TORT , BODILY INJURY , DEATH , LOST REVENUE OR OTHERWISE , REGARDLESS OF WHETHER MERCOLA WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES IN ADVANCE AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED OR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF ANY KIND . NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN , MERCOLA.COM 'S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER , AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION , WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID , IF ANY , BY YOU TO MERCOLA.COM FOR THE SERVICES . ON BEHALF OF ITSELF , ITS PARTNERS , LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS , MERCOLA DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR SPECIAL , INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ( INCLUDING BODILY INJURY OR DEATH ) ARISING FROM OR RELATED THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF ANY SERVICES . You hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless Mercola.com , its subsidiaries , affiliates , officers , agents , licensors , partners and employees , from any loss , liability , claim , or demand , including reasonable attorney 's fees , made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Website , Content and services in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from a breach of this Agreement . Any dispute about or involving Mercola.com and/or your use of this Website shall be governed by the laws of the State of Illinois without regard to its conflict of law provisions . You agree to personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state and federal courts of the State of Illinois . If any provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be or becomes unenforceable or illegal , such provision shall be adjusted to the minimum extent necessary to cure such unenforceability or illegality and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in effect in accordance with its terms as modified by such adjustment . TRUSTe truste-logoMercola.com is a Participant in the TRUSTe Privacy Seal Program . TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to advance privacy and trust in the networked world . As this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy , it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices monitored for compliance by TRUSTe . If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact us at http : //support.mercola.com . If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry , or if your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , you should then contact TRUSTe at http : //www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php . TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve your concerns . Mercola Health Resources , LLC , Vitamins & Food Supplements , Hoffman Estates , IL McAfee SECURE sites help keep you safe from identity theft , credit card fraud , spyware , spam , viruses and online scams Click for company profile Subscribe to Dr. Mercola 's Natural Health Newsletter : Inside Mercola.com About Dr. Mercola Articles Contact Us Dr. Mercola 's Clinic En Espanol Press Room Special Reports Video Library Terms of Use Privacy Policy Media Inquiries Mercola Social Responsibility Products Air Purifier Bath Care Cookware Dental Care Feminine Care Krill Oil Organic India Power Plate Probiotics Productos Protein Powder Skin Care Tanning Beds Vision Fitness Water Filters All Products Special Info Sites Aspartame Cancer Fitness Fluoride Fructose/Sugar GMO Mercury Nutritional Typing Pets Vaccines Vitamin D Shopping Autoship Program FAQs Online Shopping Premier Program Return Policy Shipping Policy Wholesale Program * These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration . This product is not intended to diagnose , treat , cure or prevent any disease . If you are pregnant , nursing , taking medication , or have a medical condition , consult your physician before using this product . Disclaimer : The entire contents of this website are based upon the opinions of Dr. Mercola , unless otherwise noted . Individual articles are based upon the opinions of the respective author , who retains copyright as marked . The information on this website is not intended to replace a one-on-one relationship with a qualified health care professional and is not intended as medical advice . It is intended as a sharing of knowledge and information from the research and experience of Dr. Mercola and his community . Dr. Mercola encourages you to make your own health care decisions based upon your research and in partnership with a qualified health care professional . If you want to use this article on your site please click here . This content may be copied in full , with copyright , contact , creation and information intact , without specific permission , when used only in a not-for-profit format . If any other use is desired , permission in writing from Dr. Mercola is required . The World 's # 1 Natural Health Website claim is based upon Alexa Natural Health Website rankings . Copyright 1997-2013 Dr. Joseph Mercola . All Rights Reserved . 
Privacy Policy For the purposes of this privacy policy , the terms " we " , " us " , " our " and " Drugs.com " refer to our Web site www.drugs.com . The terms " You " and " End-User " refer to You as a user of this Site . For third party advertising information and opt-out options please click here . TRUSTe TRUSTe online privacy certification Drugs.com has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . The TRUSTe certification only covers information collected on our Web site www.drugs.com and does not cover information that may be collected through our Mobile Application . If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact :  Drugsite Trust 25 Apollo Drive , suite A Auckland 0632 New Zealand Telephone : +64 9 476 8500 By e-mail : Privacy email address If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . Drugs.com collects no personally identifiable information about you when you visit our web site unless otherwise stated or unless you choose to provide this information to us ( such as through registration on our site , Mednotes , or on the product information submission forms ) . However , we may collect and store certain information automatically . This information will not be shared with anyone beyond the web site support staff , except when required by law enforcement investigation ( such as to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or subpoena ) , and will be used only as a source of anonymous statistical information . This information may include :  Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the domain from which You access the Internet , either Your individual address or the proxy provided by Your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) . Date and time You access our site . Pages You view ( recorded by the text and graphics files that compose that page ) . Web address of the site from which You linked directly to our site . Browser version and operating system of the computer You are using . Drugs.com is the sole owner of the information collected on the Drugs.com web site . Drugs.com collects personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our Web site . We may use the summary statistics to help us make our site more useful to visitors , such as assessing what information is of most and least interest to visitors , and for other purposes such as determining the site 's technical design specifications and identifying system performance or problem areas . This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us . Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites . We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy policies of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information . This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site . Cookies A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user 's computer for record-keeping purposes . We use cookies on this site . We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site . We use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site and to provide you with enhanced services ( viewing history , account information ) . A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser . If you reject cookies , you can still use our site , but your ability to use or access some areas of our site may be limited . The use of cookies by third parties is not covered by our privacy policy . We do not have access or control over these cookies . Clear Gifs ( Web Beacons/Web Bugs )  Our third party tracking utility partner employs a software technology called clear gifs ( a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs ) , that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective . Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of Web users . In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence . We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers ' personally identifiable information . Flash LSOs We use local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences such as volume control or high game score , or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit . Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use Flash cookies to collect and store information . Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored . Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies . To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here :  http : //www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html# 117118 You may choose to provide us with personal information , by sending e-mail with questions or comments or by filling out an online form and submitting it to us through our web site . We use this information to ;  Gather the requested information . Respond to Your message . Follow-up as appropriate . Drugs.com does not create individual profiles with the information You provide . If information is collected , it will be used solely in connection with Drugs.com , or for such other purposes as are described at the point of collection . Drugs.com does not give , sell , or transfer any personal information to any third party for their promotional purposes . However , Your e-mail message , question , or comment may be forwarded to other Drugs.com employees , contractors or subcontractors , who may be better able to help You . Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , we do not share our e-mail with any other outside organizations . However , e-mail and on-line forms are not secure against interception and senders can not expect guaranteed privacy . Security Drugs.com follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it . No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however . Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security . We use SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology to protect your sensitive information on our site . If you have any questions about security on our Web site , you can send an email using our contact form . Refer a Friend If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address . We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site . Drugs.com does not store this information . Registration In order to use some areas of this web site , you must first complete the registration form . During registration you are required to provide contact information such as your name , age , email address , preferred username , password and preferred subscriptions . We will only use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest . You also have the option to provide demographic information to us ; we encourage you to submit this information so we can provide you a more personalized experience on our site . If your personally identifiable information changes , or if you no longer desire our service , you may update , delete , or deactivate your information by signing into your account or by emailing our Customer Support or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed above . E-mail Disclosure If you subscribe to receive e-mail , we will only send messages to notify you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest . These e-mails may contain an occasional sponsor message . E-mail messages sent to you will always contain at least one clearly visible link to unsubscribe . Mednotes To store a medication profile using Drugs.com Mednotes , you will need to create an account . When You create a Drugs.com Account , we ask for your email address and a password , which is used to protect your account from unauthorized access . You control who can access the information stored in Mednotes . You are the only user who can view and edit your Mednotes profiles . Any information in your Mednotes profiles will not be shared with anyone beyond the web site support staff , except when required by law enforcement investigation ( such as to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or subpoena ) , and will be used only as a source of anonymous statistical information . Drugs.com will use aggregate data to publish drug usage statistics , drug interaction data and drug treatment combinations . None of this data can be used to personally identify an individual . No data from Mednotes will be sold to any other party . Personally Identifiable Information ( PII )  Community/Forum/Bulletin Board/Answers/ If you choose to participate in any community or social oriented parts of the Drugs.com website , such as a forum , bulletin board , blog , chatroom , Q&A , reviews or comments section , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users and could be used to send you unsolicited messages . We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit . Drugs.com also reserves the right to terminate the accounts of visitors who use these services in a manner inconsistent with our Terms of Use . Data Retention Drugs.com may retain personally identifiable information for the purpose of improving your user experience as a site member . This data is removed when your account with Drugs.com is closed , terminated or upon request . Opting Out We provide you the opportunity to ' opt-out ' of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes , when we ask for this information . For example , if you set up an account but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us , you can indicate your preference during signup . If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters , you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter , by signing into your account or by emailing us . For third party advertising information and opt-out options please click here . Removal To request the removal of publicly displayed personally identifiable information , you may contact us through our support system . In order for us to consider your request , you are required to include your account name and links to any page ( s ) where you believe any such personally identifiable information exists . For each instance , you must also provide clear instructions describing the exact position/location of the personally identifiable information on any page . Legal Disclosure Drugs.com reserves the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Web site . Updating and Closing Your Account You may update or close/delete your account at any time . When a member is signed in a prominent link is provided to comprehensive account settings including options to permanently delete their account and to opt in or out of email newsletters . Deleting your account will also remove any personally identifiable information that may have been submitted to Drugs.com upon registration . Social Media Widgets Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook like button [ and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site ] . These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly . Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site . Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it . Changes to the Privacy Policy Privacy Policy For the purposes of this privacy policy , the terms " we " , " us " , " our " and " Drugs.com " refer to our Web site www.drugs.com . The terms " You " and " End-User " refer to You as a user of this Site . For third party advertising information and opt-out options please click here . TRUSTe online privacy certification Drugs.com has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . The TRUSTe certification only covers information collected on our Web site www.drugs.com and does not cover information that may be collected through our Mobile Application . If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact :  Drugsite Trust 25 Apollo Drive , suite A Auckland 0632 New Zealand Telephone : +64 9 476 8500 By e-mail : Privacy email address If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . Drugs.com collects no personally identifiable information about you when you visit our web site unless otherwise stated or unless you choose to provide this information to us ( such as through registration on our site , Mednotes , or on the product information submission forms ) . However , we may collect and store certain information automatically . This information will not be shared with anyone beyond the web site support staff , except when required by law enforcement investigation ( such as to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or subpoena ) , and will be used only as a source of anonymous statistical information . This information may include :  Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the domain from which You access the Internet , either Your individual address or the proxy provided by Your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) . Date and time You access our site . Pages You view ( recorded by the text and graphics files that compose that page ) . Web address of the site from which You linked directly to our site . Browser version and operating system of the computer You are using . Drugs.com is the sole owner of the information collected on the Drugs.com web site . Drugs.com collects personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our Web site . We may use the summary statistics to help us make our site more useful to visitors , such as assessing what information is of most and least interest to visitors , and for other purposes such as determining the site 's technical design specifications and identifying system performance or problem areas . This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us . Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites . We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy policies of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information . This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site . A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user 's computer for record-keeping purposes . We use cookies on this site . We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site . We use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site and to provide you with enhanced services ( viewing history , account information ) . A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser . If you reject cookies , you can still use our site , but your ability to use or access some areas of our site may be limited . The use of cookies by third parties is not covered by our privacy policy . We do not have access or control over these cookies . Our third party tracking utility partner employs a software technology called clear gifs ( a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs ) , that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective . Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of Web users . In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence . We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers ' personally identifiable information . We use local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences such as volume control or high game score , or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit . Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use Flash cookies to collect and store information . Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored . Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies . To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here :  http : //www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html# 117118 You may choose to provide us with personal information , by sending e-mail with questions or comments or by filling out an online form and submitting it to us through our web site . We use this information to ;  Gather the requested information . Respond to Your message . Follow-up as appropriate . Drugs.com does not create individual profiles with the information You provide . If information is collected , it will be used solely in connection with Drugs.com , or for such other purposes as are described at the point of collection . Drugs.com does not give , sell , or transfer any personal information to any third party for their promotional purposes . However , Your e-mail message , question , or comment may be forwarded to other Drugs.com employees , contractors or subcontractors , who may be better able to help You . Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , we do not share our e-mail with any other outside organizations . However , e-mail and on-line forms are not secure against interception and senders can not expect guaranteed privacy . Drugs.com follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it . No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however . Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security . We use SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology to protect your sensitive information on our site . If you have any questions about security on our Web site , you can send an email using our contact form . If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address . We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site . Drugs.com does not store this information . In order to use some areas of this web site , you must first complete the registration form . During registration you are required to provide contact information such as your name , age , email address , preferred username , password and preferred subscriptions . We will only use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest . You also have the option to provide demographic information to us ; we encourage you to submit this information so we can provide you a more personalized experience on our site . If your personally identifiable information changes , or if you no longer desire our service , you may update , delete , or deactivate your information by signing into your account or by emailing our Customer Support or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed above . If you subscribe to receive e-mail , we will only send messages to notify you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest . These e-mails may contain an occasional sponsor message . E-mail messages sent to you will always contain at least one clearly visible link to unsubscribe . To store a medication profile using Drugs.com Mednotes , you will need to create an account . When You create a Drugs.com Account , we ask for your email address and a password , which is used to protect your account from unauthorized access . You control who can access the information stored in Mednotes . You are the only user who can view and edit your Mednotes profiles . Any information in your Mednotes profiles will not be shared with anyone beyond the web site support staff , except when required by law enforcement investigation ( such as to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or subpoena ) , and will be used only as a source of anonymous statistical information . Drugs.com will use aggregate data to publish drug usage statistics , drug interaction data and drug treatment combinations . None of this data can be used to personally identify an individual . No data from Mednotes will be sold to any other party . Community/Forum/Bulletin Board/Answers/ If you choose to participate in any community or social oriented parts of the Drugs.com website , such as a forum , bulletin board , blog , chatroom , Q&A , reviews or comments section , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users and could be used to send you unsolicited messages . We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit . Drugs.com also reserves the right to terminate the accounts of visitors who use these services in a manner inconsistent with our Terms of Use . Data Retention Drugs.com may retain personally identifiable information for the purpose of improving your user experience as a site member . This data is removed when your account with Drugs.com is closed , terminated or upon request . Opting Out We provide you the opportunity to ' opt-out ' of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes , when we ask for this information . For example , if you set up an account but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us , you can indicate your preference during signup . If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters , you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter , by signing into your account or by emailing us . For third party advertising information and opt-out options please click here . Removal To request the removal of publicly displayed personally identifiable information , you may contact us through our support system . In order for us to consider your request , you are required to include your account name and links to any page ( s ) where you believe any such personally identifiable information exists . For each instance , you must also provide clear instructions describing the exact position/location of the personally identifiable information on any page . Legal Disclosure Drugs.com reserves the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Web site . You may update or close/delete your account at any time . When a member is signed in a prominent link is provided to comprehensive account settings including options to permanently delete their account and to opt in or out of email newsletters . Deleting your account will also remove any personally identifiable information that may have been submitted to Drugs.com upon registration . Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook like button [ and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site ] . These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly . Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site . Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it . If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy policy , the homepage , and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it . We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time , so please review it frequently . If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on our homepage prior to the change becoming effective . Updated : June 14th , 2013 
Privacy Policy We take your privacy seriously . We only ask you to provide information that we need in order to deliver the service or information you have requested . a ) At this website , your personally identifiable information is collected from you when you use the website to perform certain tasks , such as : i ) When you post or comment on an article or blogpost or send email to us ( such as your name and email address ) . ii ) When you send email to a professional listed in one of the professional directories ( such as your name and email address ) or when you email a friend about a professional ( such as your name and email address and your friend 's name and email address ) . Please note that we do not read or retain the message in your e-mail . iii ) When you call a professional using their number listed in one of the professional directories ( such as information about where the call was placed ) . iv ) When you fill out a self-assessment or take a self-test . The assessments and tests are administered by third-parties which have its own Privacy Policies concerning information they may collect from users . Please refer to their policies via the Privacy Policy links on the assessment and test pages . v ) When you subscribe to a publication ( such as your name and address ) . vi ) When you purchase something from us . Your payment information is submitted directly to the credit card processor , who is responsible for its use and security . vii ) When you register to be listed in our directories . We collect information that will be used to create your profile in the directory , such as name , address , email address , as well as well as such professional information as your qualifications , certifications , the demographic region in which you practice , and your fields of specialty . We collect additional information for our records that may not be displayed as part of your directory profile , but is necessary to check the information you provide or accept payment from you . viii ) When you open an email communication from us in your email program , we may use a software technology called web beacons that to let us know which emails have been opened by the recipients . This allows us to know how well customers respond to certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns . b ) In addition , like most sites , we maintain logs of site usage for purposes such as to evaluate our users ' interest level in areas of the website , which and how many pages they look at , how long they stay on the website , and what Web browsers are used . This data is tracked in aggregate form , not at an individual user level , and is not uniquely identifying . The aggregate level data may be shared with third parties and the public . We only use information we collect to provide you the services on our website that you request . a ) We share information with third parties only when needed to deliver to you products or services that you request . For example , we share information from publication subscribers with the company that mails the magazines and information from those who purchase something from us with the credit card payment processing company . Some professionals wishing to list their services may have the information provided used to check with state licensing boards . Otherwise , we do not share or sell any personally identifiable information about website visitors . b ) We may use a software technology called " cookies " to create a personalized Web experience for our users . Cookies can not be used to find your name , email address , or anything that is uniquely identifying about you , unless you provide that information . We use cookies for those applications that require us to keep track of information to customize results . If you do n't have your browser set to accept cookies , certain areas of the website may not function properly . c ) We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website . These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here . d ) When you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third-party websites , the third party may collect information about you at their Web site . The third party may have its own privacy policies that differ from ours . We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any website you visit . The materials you post on the website , such as articles , blogposts , directory information and comments , are made available to be seen and read by other users of the website . No such materials are treated confidentially . We will remove your materials from the website at your request , but we can not give any assurances that such materials are not still available from servers maintained by others ( such as search engines or proxy servers ) or that others have not already downloaded and stored such materials . From time to time , we obtain lists of people who may be interested in our products and services from third-party marketing list suppliers . We use these lists to send direct marketing promotions by mail or by email . We do our best to obtain these lists only from suppliers who collect their lists in compliance with applicable law , but we are not responsible for the conduct and policies of these suppliers . Please note that even if you are a registered customer of ours and have asked us not to use the information you provided to us to send you promotional material , a third-party marketing list supplier may still provide us with your name and address . As a result , you may receive the promotional material sent by us to others on the supplier 's list . If you have received a promotion from us and do not wish to receive future promotions , please contact us at newsletters @ psychologytoday.com Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy , we can not guarantee your privacy . Further , we may disclose personal information when required by law or where we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding , a court order or legal process served on us . We may also disclose personal information in cooperation with a law enforcement request . We reserve the right to change this policy in accordance with the amendment policy in the website 's Terms of Use . 
Skip directly to searchSkip directly to A to Z listSkip directly to site contentSkip directly to page options CDC Home Search On this Page Information Collected and Stored Automatically Web measurement and customization technologies Use of Cookies You Can Opt Out or Disable Cookies If You Send Us Personal Information Intrusion Detection and Security Third-Party Websites and Applications Thank you for visiting the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) website and for reviewing our Privacy Policy . CDC is committed to maintaining the privacy of your personal information . With respect to the collection , use and disclosure of personally identifiable information ( PII ) CDC complies with applicable federal law . Our privacy policy is clear :  CDC does not collect any personally identifiable information ( PII ) when you visit our Websites unless you choose to provide that information to us . Any PII that you choose to provide is fully protected . Non-PII information related to your visit to our websites may be automatically collected and temporarily stored . Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website :  When you browse through any Website , certain information about your visit can be collected . If you do nothing during a visit to the CDC Website other than browse through the website , read pages or download information , certain data will be gathered and stored automatically about the visit . This information does not identify you personally . We automatically collect and temporarily store only the following information about your visit :  the Internet domain ( for example , " xcompany.com " if a private Internet access account is used , or " yourschool.edu " if connecting from a university 's domain ) and IP address ( an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when surfing the Web ) ; Operating System and information about the Web browser ( used when accessing the site ; the visit date and time ; the specific pages visited ; if www.cdc.gov is designated as a home page ; and the amount of data ( measured in number of bytes ) transmitted from CDC.gov to your computer . We use this information in the aggregate to measure the number of visitors to our site and its various sections , to enhance site performance , and to improve the overall customer service experience for our visitors by making it more useful . Back to Top All uses of Web measurement and customization technologies will comply with existing policies with respect to privacy and data safeguarding standards . Information Systems owned and operated by CDC are assessed using Privacy Impact Assessments ( PIAs ) posted for public view on the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) Website ( http : //www.hhs.gov/pia/ ) . Groups of records that contain information about an individual and are designed to be retrieved by the name or other personal identifier linked to the individual are covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C . Section 552a ) . For these records , CDC Systems of Record Notices are published in the Federal Register and posted on the CDC Web site at : http : //www.cdc.gov/SORNnotice/ . CDC Websites use a variety of different Web measurement and customization technologies to collect and analyze the information with regard to users ' visits . Some pages on CDC.gov may include web content or functionality from third parties . For example , content or functionality from the following third parties may be present on some CDC.gov pages , including but not limited to :  3ci MotionPoint Omniture Socrata Twibbon UserZoom CDC uses online surveys to collect opinions and feedback from a random sample of visitors . CDC.gov uses the ForeSee Results ' American Customer Satisfaction Index ( ACSI ) online survey to obtain feedback and data on visitors ' satisfaction with the CDC.gov Website . This survey does not collect personally identifiable information . Although the survey invitation pops up for a random sample of visitors , it is optional . If you decline the survey , you will still have access to the identical information and resources at the CDC.gov site as those who do not take the survey . The survey reports are available only to CDC.gov staff , such as subject matter experts , health communication staff and other designated staff who necessarily require this information to perform their duties . CDC retains the data from ACSI survey results as long as needed to support the mission of the CDC.gov Web site , but for no longer than one ( 1 ) year . ForeSee 's privacy policy is available at : http : //www.foreseeresults.com/privacy-policy.shtml CDC uses GovDelivery to send e-newsletters , alerts and other messages to visitors who subscribe to them . To subscribe to a CDC product , you must provide an email address and indicate your subscription preferences , including the items you want to receive . The email subscriber lists are password protected by GovDelivery . Only the CDC managers who send newsletters , alerts or memos via GovDelivery and staff members who monitor the results of GovDelivery email initiatives have access to the subscriber lists . GovDelivery never allows access to the subscriber lists to anyone outside of CDC for any purpose . GovDelivery collects and provides non-identifying information about the number of messages sent , clicks and open rates . This information is password protected and only available to CDC.gov managers , members of the CDC.gov Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties . The GovDelivery privacy policy is available at : http : //www.govdelivery.com/legal-privacy Back to Top The Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Memorandum M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies ( June 25 , 2010 ) , ( available at http : //www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/omb/assets/memoranda_2010/m10-22.pdf ) allows federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies . When you visit any Web site , a small text file called a " cookie " may be placed on your computer . The cookie allows the server to remember specific information about your visit while you are connected to that Website . The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of Web pages . Cookies from CDC Web pages only collect information about your browser 's visit to our site ; they do not collect personal information about you . CDC uses two types of cookies on its Websites : single session ( temporary ) and multi-session ( persistent ) :  Session Cookies : We use session cookies for technical purposes to improve the user experience while visiting our Website . Session cookies are temporary text files that expire when you leave our Websites . Once you close your browser , the cookie is destroyed and automatically deleted from your computer . Under OMB M-10-22 , our use of session cookies is defined as Usage Tier 1 single session . The policy states that this tier encompasses any use of single session Web measurement and customization technologies . Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for a longer period . These multi-session cookies are stored on your computer and expire 1 year after your last visit to a Website . After 1 year , they are automatically deleted from your computer ; however , you may also choose to delete persistent cookies from your computer at any time . We use persistent cookies to collect non-PII data about users who frequently visit our Websites , and to test variations of our site design and content to optimize our Web pages . In the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Memo 10-22 Guidance , our use of persistent cookies is defined as " Usage Tier 2 Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) , " which " encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected. "  Back to Top If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer at all , you can choose not to accept cookies from the CDC Website by changing your browser settings . By not accepting cookies you will still have access to all information , and resources on our Websites , identical to that received by individuals choosing to accept the cookies . Instructions to opt out or disable cookies using some of the most popular browsers are available at http : //www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml . Back to Top You do not have to give us personal information to visit the CDC Websites . If you choose to provide us with additional information about yourself , as in an e-mail message , questionnaire , form , online survey , or other tool , submitted through our website , we only use that information to respond to your message . We will maintain any information you provide in accordance with applicable federal law . CDC will not disclose , give , sell , or transfer any personal information about visitors to our websites , unless required for law enforcement or by statute . Moreover , we do not create individual profiles with the information you provide or give it to any private organizations . CDC does not collect information for commercial marketing . Remember , however , that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception . Therefore , if your communication is sensitive or includes personal information , you may prefer to send it to CDC via postal mail instead . If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information ( PII ) - that is to say , information that is personal in nature and may be used to identify you - as in an e-mail message , questionnaire , form , online survey , or other tool , submitted through our website , we will maintain the information that you provide only as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication . If we store your personal information in a records system designed to retrieve contact information about individuals by personal identifier ( e.g. , name , personal e-mail address , home ( mailing ) address , personal or mobile phone number , etc. ) , we will safeguard your information in accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C. 552a ) . If , in order to accomplish its mission , CDC operates a system of records from which it retrieves information that you submit , there will be a Privacy Act Notice prominently displayed on the public-facing website or form that requests your PII . If applicable , such Notice must state the following five criteria :  The purpose for which CDC is collecting your information CDC 's legal authorization to collect your information The Routine Uses for which your information will be disclosed outside of CDC Whether providing your information is voluntary or legally mandatory The effects , if any , of nondisclosure of your information should you choose not to provide it . For further information about CDC privacy policy , please contact the CDC Senior Official for Privacy at mailto : privacy @ cdc.gov , or call 770-488-8660 . Back to Top This site is maintained by the U.S. Government and is protected by various provisions of Title 18 of the U.S. Code . Violations of Title 18 are subject to criminal prosecution in Federal court . For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , CDC employs software programs to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage . Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this Website are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law , including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996 . Back to Top In addition to CDC 's official website on www.cdc.gov , CDC uses social media and third-party ( non-CDC ) websites to share information and to engage the public . For example , there may be third-party applications and/or services linked to or embedded on www.cdc.gov to improve its functionality . Likewise , applications created by CDC may be embedded on third-party websites as a way to increase public awareness of CDC activities . Our integration of these products is intended to provide a seamless user experience and to enhance users ' ability to access information and communicate with CDC . Your activity on these third-party sites is governed by the security and privacy policies of the third party sites . Consequently , you should review the privacy policies of third-party sites before using them and ensure that you understand how your information may be used . You should also adjust privacy settings on your account on any third-party site to match your preferences . Some third-party websites and applications may make personally identifiable information ( PII ) available to the public and/or CDC based on your user controlled settings or the privacy policies of the third-party . CDC will not collect , maintain , use , or share any PII that becomes available through CDC 's use of third-party websites or applications . Please be aware that the privacy policy provided on social media and third-party websites that are not a part of the cdc.gov domain may not be the same as the privacy policy described here . PII or other information that you share through social media , or a third-party website or application may be accessible by non-government third parties . As described in these website policies , you can communicate with CDC without involving a third-party . Back to Top Email page link Print page Get email updates Subscribe to RSS Listen to audio/Podcast Contact Us :  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 1600 Clifton Rd Atlanta , GA 30333 800-CDC-INFO ( 800-232-4636 ) TTY : ( 888 ) 232-6348 Contact CDCINFO Share Add this to ...  Favorites Delicious Digg Google Bookmarks LinkedIn Pin ItPinterest Email Print Page last reviewed : January 26 , 2012 Page last updated : January 26 , 2012 Content source : Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Home A-Z Index Site Map Policies Using this Site Link to Us All Languages CDC Mobile Contact CDC USA.gov : The U.S. Government 's Official Web PortalDepartment of Health and Human Services Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 1600 Clifton Rd. Atlanta , GA 30333 , USA 800-CDC-INFO ( 800-232-4636 ) TTY : ( 888 ) 232-6348 - Contact CDCINFO A-Z Index A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z #  
Privacy Policy We are committed to protecting your privacy and we have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data we collect from users of our services . Who are we and how to contact us ? Hearst Rodale UK Limited ( Hearst-Rodale ) has its head office at : 72 , Broadwick Street , London , W1F 9EP . The company is registered in England 00519122 , VAT Registration GB 626 914 329 . If you would like to contact us for any reason , please email us at dp @ hearst.co.uk and we will do our best to answer your questions . 1.What information do we collect from you ? 1.1 How we collect Personal Data 1.2 Anonymous data collected via technology 1.3 Personal Data that we collect from you about others 2.How will we use the information we collect ? 3.Do we share your Personal Data with other companies ? 4.Changing your mind about marketing messages and keeping your details up-to-date 5.Other websites 6.Where is your information processed and how do we keep your Personal Data secure ? 7.Access to your Personal Data 8.Questions regarding this Privacy Policy 9.Changes to this Privacy Policy Hearst Rodale collects Personal Data and Anonymous Data from you when you visit our sites or when you send us information or communications . Personal Data means data that allows someone to identify you , including , for example , your name , address , telephone and mobile numbers , e-mail address , as well as any information about you that is associated with or linked to , or could be linked to , any of the foregoing data . Anonymous Data means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data ; Anonymous Data does not permit the identification of individual persons . We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data , as described below . 1.1 How we collect Personal Data We collect Personal Data from you , such as your name , contact details , country of residence , zip code or post code , gender , and/or birth date when you register on one of our sites or when you choose to use the various services we provide on our sites . We also collect other types of Personal Data that you provide to us voluntarily , when , for instance , you make a purchase , respond to surveys and questionnaires , or enter a competition . If you provide us feedback regarding our sites or services via e-mail , we will collect your name and e-mail address in order to send you a reply . In order to improve our services to you , we may ask you to voluntarily complete confidential surveys . We do not ask you to provide us any personally identifiable data in association with these surveys although we do associate your responses with Personal Data . If you do not wish to participate in a survey , however , simply decline to participate when asked . 1.2 Anonymous Data Collected via Technology To make our services more useful to you , we use technological means to collect Personal Data from you , including the Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) you just came from , the URL you go to next , your browser type , and your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address . We also use cookies or clear GIFs to collect Personal Data from you about your use of our sites or e-mails we send you . You expressly consent to our use of cookies and clear GIFs when you use our services . An " IP Address " is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet . In some cases your IP address stays the same from browser session to browser session ; but if you use a consumer Internet access provider , your IP address probably varies from session to session . We track IP addresses solely in conjunction with session cookies to analyse our Web page flow . Cookies are small pieces of information that a Web site sends to your computer 's hard drive while you are viewing a Web site . Hearst Rodale uses both session cookies ( which expire once you close your Web browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our sites . You have the ability to accept or decline cookies . Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can disable this function by changing the cookie profile on your computer 's Web browser . If you disable your cookies , however , you will not have access to certain features of our sites such as " Remember My Password " or interactive quizzes . We do not store any Personal Data in cookies on your computer ( other than the cookie itself ) . For more information on cookies please visit http : //www.allaboutcookies.org/ " Clear GIFs " are clear electronic images that are used to track your movements on our sites . They help us to determine whether content on our sites is effective . We also use clear GIFs in HTML-based e-mails to let us know which e-mails have been opened and acted upon by recipients ( including any persons to which the e-mails have been forwarded ) . Clear GIFs on our sites collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number , time and date of a page view , and a description of the page on which the clear GIF resides . This information helps us assess the effectiveness of certain communications and marketing campaigns . 1.3 Personal Data That We Collect from You About Others If you decide to invite a friend or family member to join any of our services , we will collect your name and e-mail address as well as your friend 's or family member 's e-mail address in order to send their e-mail . We will always ask your permission to mention your name when contacting your friend or family member . This information is used once only and is not saved in our database , unless they have entered a competition or other promotion in which case their e-mail address is stored only for that purpose . If you decide to invite a friend or family member to become involved we will collect and save their e-mail address into our database , along with their contact preferences , as we would for anyone who registers on our sites . Hearst Rodale uses your Personal Data to provide you with a customised Web experience and to provide services to you . Such services include sending you marketing messages if you have given us permission to do so , processing your answers to quizzes , and sending electronic newsletters and promotional e-mails to you . We also use Personal Data for customer service messages , to notify you about updates to our services and to respond to your requests . We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information ( such as your name ) that makes the data personally identifiable to you . We use this Anonymous Data to perform statistical analyses of users ' aggregate behaviour so that we may enhance the content of our services and improve site navigation . Hearst Rodale reserves the right to use and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties at its discretion , in aggregate form . If you elect to receive communications from us we may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our sites or the purchase of our products or services and may contain advertisements for third parties . Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy and in our Privacy Notices where you give us your consent , we do not sell , trade , or rent the Personal Data collected from our services to third parties . However , we will share your Personal Data with our third party suppliers who need to process your data in order to fulfil your request , such as to charge your credit card ( if authorised by you ) , fill your order , and deliver promotional e-mails . These third parties are required under contract not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by Hearst Rodale and to guarantee to our satisfaction that they have sufficient processes in place to ensure the security of your data whilst it is in their care . You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Data with our contractors and third party service providers for the purpose of providing services to you . If you send a testimonial or comment to us , we may post it on our site or use it in advertising materials . We will attribute your testimonial to you by posting your first and last initial or your first name and last initial next to your testimonial on our site or advertising materials , if provided . Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data ( as described below ) , Hearst Rodale may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to ( a ) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us ; or ( b ) protect or defend the rights or property of Hearst Rodale or users of our services . Hearst Rodale is a company with subsidiaries , joint ventures , or other companies under a common control ( collectively , affiliates ) . These affiliates include , but are not limited to , Hearst-Rodale , netdoctor.com , handbag.com . We may share some or all of your Personal Data with these affiliates , in which case we will require our affiliates to honour this Privacy Policy . If an affiliate or another company acquires our company or our assets , that company will possess the Personal Data collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy and the terms under which you submitted your data . If you provide Hearst Rodale with your contact details and agree to receive promotional messages , we may share your details with our affiliates or other third-party businesses that offer goods or services that we believe may be of interest to our customers . Many customers appreciate the offerings they receive from such third parties ; however , we allow you to opt out at any time of having your Personal Data shared with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for the purpose of sending you relevant information . If you would like to cease receiving these communications , you may unsubscribe by logging into Edit My Profile and updating your preferences . We offer you choices regarding the collection , use , and sharing of your Personal Data . You may proactively make such choices by visiting Edit My Profile . When you register on one of our sites , we will ask you if you want to receive future communications from us . You may indicate consent to receipt of these communications by ticking the box located on the registration form . Should you decide to stop receiving further communications from us , you will have the opportunity to opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by going to My Profile . If at any time you wish to subscribe to any communications from us , login to your account . Despite your indicated e-mail preferences , we may send you notice of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy . You may change any of your contact information in your account online by visiting Edit My Profile . Be sure to include your full name and address in your opt-out request , in order to allow us to process your request . Note that we may retain changed or deleted information in our archives . Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Privacy Policy or on this website , only Hearst Rodale and its affiliate companies collect Personal Data through the services provided solely by Hearst Rodale ; this Privacy Policy applies only to the use and disclosure of Personal Data that we collect while you use our services . When you click on advertisements or links on Hearst Rodale sites , you will leave that site and go to another site . During this process , a third party ( including a third party advertising service that may provide services to an advertiser ) may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you , such as the URL you just came from , the URL you go to next , your browser type , and your IP address . Our display of advertisements or links to any other company or site is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such company or site ( or the contents of the site ) . We have no control over , we do not review , and our Privacy Policy does not apply to , these other companies , sites , or content , or to any collection of data after you click on an advertisement of or link to a third party . Your Personal Data may be processed both in and outside of your own country . When you submit your details and in whichever country you are situated you agree to the data being transferred to the UK and processed under the terms of the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications ( EC Directive ) Regulations 2003 which stem from European Directives 95/46/EC and 2002/58/EC respectively . If you are not in agreement please do not add your personal details on any of our sites . We may need to transfer your data outside the UK ( and possibly to places outside the European Economic Area ) and by using Hearst Rodale sites you consent to us transferring any such data in this way . However any company outside the EEA to whom we transfer data is contractually bound to protect your personal data . Hearst Rodale and affiliates are committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data . We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorised access , use , or disclosure . On most of our sites , Hearst Rodale enables the use of Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology and Verisign Site ID , the industry leaders in providing secure communication over the Internet . We also offer industry-standard secured-server transactions that encrypt your Personal Data when collecting your credit card information for online purchases . To verify that you have a secure server connection , look for the locked padlock symbol at the bottom of your browser window or the HTTPS-prefix in the URL . Hearst Rodale has implemented other industry-standard electronic means of protecting your Personal Data . We store Personal Data behind a computer firewall , a barrier designed to prevent outsiders from accessing our servers . We may also require you to enter a password to access your account information . In addition , Hearst Rodale protects your Personal Data from unauthorised physical access by storing your Personal Data in a controlled facility . Except as provided elsewhere in this Privacy Policy , Hearst Rodale limits access to Personal Data in electronic databases to those persons ( including employees and contractors ) in Hearst Rodale 's organisation who have a business need for such access and those persons are under contract to keep your data secure . Even though Hearst Rodale has taken significant steps to ensure that your Personal Data is not intercepted , accessed , used , or disclosed by unauthorised persons , you should know that Hearst Rodale can not eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data . You are entitled to see the information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date . If you wish to see the information we hold about you , please contact us in writing : The Data Protection Compliance Officer Hearst Rodale UK Limited 72 Broadwick Street , London , W1F 9EP We are entitled by law to charge a fee of 10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you . We are also legally obliged to request you to provide us with identification so that we can be certain that you are entitled to receive the requested data . Hearst Rodale welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy . Please e-mail us at : dp @ hearst.co.uk . Dispute Resolution If you believe that Hearst Rodale has not adhered to this Privacy Policy , please contact us by e-mail at : dp @ hearst.co.uk . We will do our best to address your concerns . If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely , we invite you to let us know for further investigation . We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time . If we make material changes in the way we collect , use , and/or share your Personal Data , we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us , by writing to your last known postal address and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our sites . Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our sites . These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our services . Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Data to provide us with your most current e-mail and postal address . In the event that the last e-mail or postal address that you have provided us is not valid , or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above , our despatch of the e-mail or letter containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice . In any event , changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Data that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes . If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Data , you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us . 
Privacy Policy Thank you for visiting the United States Patent and Trademark Office website and reviewing our privacy policy . Our privacy policy is simple : we collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us . Submitting personal information is voluntary . When you voluntarily submit information , it constitutes your consent to the use of the information for the purpose ( s ) stated at the time of collection . See the Privacy Act of 1974 ( P.L. 93-579 ) for more information on your rights under the Privacy Act . Except for the purposes described below , no other attempts are made to identify individual users while on the USPTO websites . Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website :  The USPTO Web servers automatically collect and save the default information customarily logged by Web server software . Specifically , the date and time , the originating IP address , the object requested , and the completion status of the request is collected and saved for each http request received by the server . We also use an authorized Google Analytics agent to collect comparable information on our behalf . On a monthly or more frequent basis , we review this information to determine the traffic through the servers in hits , the number of pages served , and the level of demand for pages of interest . We may also analyze accesses to particular pages to determine U.S. versus non-U.S. use , government agency versus private use , and other statistics that may be of value to us in establishing priorities and allocating resources in order to better accomplish our dissemination mission . Analysis of this information may also help identify problem areas of the website or to improve overall service . Information is retained as long as necessary to perform useful analysis . For site security purposes and to ensure that USPTO Web services remain available to all users , USPTO monitors network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage . Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and subject to prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and Title 18 U.S.C . Sec. 1001 and 1030 . Information also may be used for authorized law enforcement investigations . The Office of Management and Budget Memorandum M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies defines conditions under which Federal agencies may use session and persistent cookies , and categorizes them in tiers to identify their characteristics . You may control permissions for cookies on this or any other website by adjusting your individual browser settings for customized privacy protection see http : //www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml for helpful guidance . Session cookies Session cookies are also known as memory-resident cookies . These cookies are not stored on your computer 's hard drive , and are removed when you complete your session or exit the site . We use session cookies for some applications to improve their usability and ensure session integrity . No personal information is gathered . USPTO sites and applications that use Tier 1 session cookies include the subscription center and the customer satisfaction survey . Our site-wide search is conducted through USA.gov , an external site , which also uses a session cookie . Persistent cookies Persistent cookies remain on your computer 's hard drive after you complete an activity . On www.uspto.gov , we use Tier 2 persistent cookies to help us recognize new and returning visitors , but no personally-identifiable information is gathered . If you block a persistent cookie , you are not prevented from using the USPTO website in any way . We use persistent cookies in association with an authorized customer satisfaction survey conducted by a third party , ForeSee ResultsTM . If you are randomly selected to participate in this survey , a persistent cookie is stored on your computer 's hard drive for 90 days to preclude a new invitation during that time . We also use persistent cookies to enable the Google Analytics program to measure how new and returning visitors use the USPTO website over time . E-mail submitted to USPTO is saved in accordance to Department of Commerce policy and NARA guidelines . If you choose to provide us with personal information in e-mail , we use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information you have requested . We do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to you . We only share the information you give us with another government agency if your inquiry relates to that agency , or as otherwise required by law . Moreover , we do not store any personal information independent of the e-mail message , create individual profiles with the information you provide , or give it to any private organizations . We do not collect information for commercial marketing . The USPTO may offer the use of third-party e-mail services as a convenience . If you choose to use such a service , information about you may be independently collected by the third party . USPTO will clearly note this distinction wherever the service is offered on its website and remind you that your participation is voluntary . If you choose to submit a blog comment , only personal information that you voluntarily provide as part of the comment will be revealed . All comments are moderated , and only those that comply with USPTO policy will be publicly posted . The USPTO will not edit or alter individual comments . If you simply visit a blog page , your visit will be recorded for statistical purposes , as for other areas of the website . While visiting www.uspto.gov , you may be asked to participate in a survey conducted by an authorized third party , ForeSee ResultsTM . This randomized survey is based on the American Customer Satisfaction Index ( ACSI ) and your participation is voluntary . No personal information is collected unless you choose to provide it as part of a comment or to complete the survey . Survey data is retained as long as needed to permit accurate analysis , produce summary reports , and monitor overall trends . If you choose not to participate in the survey , you are not prevented from using the USPTO website in any other way . If you wish to provide feedback without taking the survey , you may send e-mail directly to webmaster @ uspto.gov . If you have an immediate concern , please refer to the Contact Us page on the USPTO website . See additional notes under Use of Cookies and Tracking Technologies , above . We are especially concerned about protecting the privacy of children . We hope parents and teachers are involved in children 's Internet explorations . We respect the need to protect the identity of any children who participate in an Internet exhibition of their work . We do not request any information from children on the Kids Pages . We do , however , sometimes encourage them to participate in contests , but such participation is carried out through postal mail . Our Web pages may contain links to websites outside the USPTO , including those of other federal agencies , international sites , and private organizations . In some cases , USPTO may have an official presence on an external site that we 've engaged to serve a specific function . Be aware that whenever you follow a link to another site , you are subject to the privacy policy of that site . Where a USPTO website requests information that will be stored in a Privacy Act system of records , an individual Privacy Act Statement is provided . Should there ever be a need to use information for a purpose other than one already provided for under the Privacy Act , we will give you specific instructions on how you may consent to such use . You are never required to give such consent . Information stored in any Privacy Act System of Records is handled as set forth in the applicable System of Records Notice in order to preserve its security and confidentiality . Privacy Act System of Records notices are available at : http : //www.gpoaccess.gov/privacyact/index.html . Access the USPTO Systems of Records Notices . OMB Circular A-11 , Exhibit 300 Privacy Impact Assessments Protect Yourself Against Identity Theft ! When filing documentation in support of applications or petitions , please take steps to protect all personal information . " Personal information " includes social security , credit card , and bank account numbers . To support a petition or application , the USPTO never requires this type of personal data within the body of the petition or application . To protect your privacy , you should delete such information from any documentation that you send to the Office except when submitting the USPTO Credit Card Payment Form ( PTO-2038 ) . If using a USPTO electronic form where a fee is required , take care to enter the payment information ( such as a credit card number ) only in the specific secure payment portion of the form . Patent and trademark public data is available directly through the USPTO website , including in bulk format . As public data , it may be disseminated from other websites as well . All patent application files are published and made available to the public 18 months from the filing date , unless the application includes a non-publication request . ( See MPEP Sections 724 . 02-724.06 for details on making a non-publication request. )  Also , all patent application files will become available to the public upon the grant of the patent . For patents , if you have questions about what information may be published and how to remove the material from documents you plan to submit to the USPTO , please call the Inventors Assistance Center at 1-800-786-9199 or 571-272-1000 . Trademark applications are available to the public within a week of their submission . For questions about public information on Trademark applications , please refer to the filing instructions or contact the Trademark Assistance Center at 1-800-786-9199 or via e-mail at TrademarkAssistanceCenter @ uspto.gov . [ Change History ]  12/7/2010 - updated information concerning persistent cookies , external sites , and surveys . 2/9/2011 - added information related to the use of Google Analytics and external sites . 
Your privacy on NHS Choices Personal data collected Navigation data IP address and the website you came from Personal information Includes your first name , last name , email address , postcode and other personal information you provide . Use of personal data Analytics Uses navigation data in services provided by NHS Choices and third parties . For more information see our cookies policy . Advertising Some health campaigns are supplied with advertising data . Personalisation Uses navigation data and personal information to enable us , and third parties to tailor the services provided to you . Data sharing We will never share personal information with any third parties without your consent . Navigation data is shared with trusted third parties providing analytics or advertising . The Department of Health is the Data Controller for NHS Choices under the Data Protection Act 1998 . We will process your data in accordance with the Data Protection Act . The purpose of the privacy policy is to inform you as a user of NHS Choices about what information we collect when you visit the service , how we use the information , whether the information is disclosed and the ways in which we protect users ' privacy . We want you to feel secure when using the website and associated services . We are committed to respecting your privacy . Below we give an overview of how we do that . We analyse information to see what is most effective about our website and associated services to help us identify ways to improve it and to make it more effective . We may also use information for other purposes , which we would describe to you at the point when we collect the information . We collect information indirectly and directly . When you use NHS Choices ( www.nhs.uk ) , we use technology to collect information indirectly - such as your internet address . This is commonplace across all internet services to enable the investigation of issues such as malicious use . This information is then kept in our internet access logs . We collect information directly from you in a number of ways . One way is by using cookies . Cookies are small files of information that save and retrieve information about your visit to our site , such as how you entered our site , how you navigated through the site and what information was of interest to you . This information is collected for a number of reasons , for example , to help develop the website and associated services . The cookies we use identify you merely as a number . If you are uncomfortable about the use of cookies , you can disable them by changing the settings in the preferences or options menu in your internet browser . However , disabling cookies may affect our ability to provide services to you ; if certain cookies are disabled you may not be able to access the service . See our Cookies policy for more information on the cookies we use . We also collect information when you give it to us . For example , you may register to use the message-posting facility called ' Patient feedback ' . When we collect this type of information , we will notify you as to why we are asking for information and how this information will be used . It is completely up to you whether you provide it , but not providing information may affect our ability to provide services to you . The social media bookmarking sites that NHS Choices links to are third-party sites and NHS Choices does control the way these sites use your information . If you choose to access these sites using the links provided , the operators of these sites may collect information from you that may be used by them in accordance with their privacy policies , which may differ from ours . You should read their privacy policies carefully to find out what happens to any information that is collected by these services when you use them . Videos from NHS Choices - whether viewed on the website , in emails or embedded in third-party sites - are supplied ( streamed ) to users by a third-party company , Brightcove . A product called TubeMogul is used by Brightcove to compile statistics for NHS Choices , such as what videos have been watched and when ; it uses an anonymous tracking cookie and stores no personal data . For more information , see the Brightcove privacy policy and the TubeMogul privacy policy . Use of NHS Choices tools on third-party sites will be tracked . No personal data is collected by the tools . Information gathered by NHS Choices includes the user 's IP address , the web page a tool is accessed from , and how many times it is accessed . In some cases , tracking is used to show user journeys through a tool . This information is the sole property of NHS Choices and will not be shared with third parties . All NHS Choices tools store the number of times a user has visited the tool . Some tools also store state ' information so that when a user returns to a tool it is in the state ' they left it in . Information submitted as a part of NHS Choices content held on Twitter and Facebook will be subject to their privacy policies . For more information , see the Twitter privacy policy and the Facebook privacy policy We will hold the information for as long as we are providing you services . If you do not access the services provided by NHS Choices , for instance , open or click through one of the emails for more than a year , we will send you an email asking you to confirm that you wish to continue receiving NHS Choices emails . If you do not respond to this email within one month we will unsubscribe you . We will remove all personal information we hold relating to you , which you registered with us , within six months of you unsubscribing from NHS Choices . We hold this information for a further six months following unsubscription , as we may need to use it for statistical analysis or if you choose to resubscribe . Be assured that if you unsubscribe you will not receive further information from us . As a government department , we do not share data with other organisations unless the law permits us to do so . We do not sell individuals ' information . We will share it only with our authorised Data Processors , who must act at all times on our instructions as the Data Controller under the Data Protection Act 1998 . Before you submit any information , we will notify you as to why we are asking for specific information and it is up to you whether you provide it . You are entitled to know whether we hold information about you and , if we do , to have access to that information and require it to be corrected if it is inaccurate . You can do this by contacting the Data Protection Officer , Department of Health , Skipton House , 80 London Road , London , SE1 6LH . We take appropriate steps to maintain the security of your data on our service . The open nature of the internet means that data may flow over networks without security measures and may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the data is intended . Our intention is that this should not happen and we take measures to ensure that it does not . 
Sports Illustrated PRIVACY POLICY Table of Contents The Information We Collect How We Use the Information Privacy Options Your California Privacy Rights : Notice to California Customers Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors Cookies Our Commitment to Security Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting Your Personal Information Retention of Personal Information Special Note for Parents Changes to this Privacy Policy How to Contact Us Safe Harbor Privacy Policy European Union Privacy Information For citizens of member countries of the European Union , and Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , and New Zealand Canada Privacy Information This is the Privacy Policy which applies to you if you live outside the European Union , Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , New Zealand , and Canada . Thank you for visiting Sports Illustrated , or using our mobile device applications ( the " Apps " ) or other services ( together with the Apps , the " Services " ) , Services within the network of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries , each of which have adopted this Privacy Policy . Your privacy is important to us . To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Time Inc. and its subsidiaries . Click here for a list of the sites of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries which are governed by this Privacy Notice . Through Time Inc. publications , websites , and other media , you can order publications and products ; engage in various activities like entering contests or sweepstakes , playing games , taking quizzes , voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion ; subscribe to one of our services , such as newsletters ; or participate in one of our online forums or communities . Your personally identifiable information may be required to engage in these activities as well as to receive products and services that you may have requested . The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages and elsewhere include but are not limited to : name , address , gender , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number and credit or debit card information . We may also collect information about your personal or professional interests and use of or opinions about various products , programs and services . For instance , we may ask you to identify your job or industry to qualify you for free business magazines . At some Time Inc. sites and through certain promotions , you can submit information about other people . For example , you might submit a person 's name , mailing and/or e-mail address to send a gift or electronic greeting card . The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address and telephone number . We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our web pages or use our applications , such as the type of browser and operating system you are using , your IP address , your device identifiers , your Internet or wireless service provider , and location-based information . back to top We may use the information you provide about yourself or others to fulfill requests for our publications , products or services , to respond to inquiries about offerings and to offer other products , programs or services that may be of interest . We may combine information we receive with outside records and share such information with third parties for use on our behalf to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you . We may disclose personally identifiable information that we receive from you and from third party sources to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you . When you request a magazine , service , or other product , we will forward the information you give us to the publisher or provider to the extent necessary to fulfill your request . They may contact you with special offers of possible interest . We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes , when we make changes to subscriber agreements , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account . If you choose to submit content ( e.g. , a " letter to our editors " or an online review ) , we may publish your name , screen name and other information you have provided to us . You hereby consent to this . The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience . We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , or services . We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our publications and websites , and to enable us to customize your Internet experience . We also may use this information to analyze site usage , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services . We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena . We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request . Agents and contractors of Time Inc. that have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by , for example , not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Time Inc . We may transfer your personally identifiable information to other Time Inc. offices for internal management and administrative purposes on our behalf . Your personal data will be transferred to other Time Inc. offices where necessary for the performance or conclusion of our contractual obligations to you or for your benefit . To the extent not prohibited under applicable law , transfers and disclosures of personally identifiable information may also be made where necessary for the establishment , exercise , or defense of legal claims , to protect the rights and property of Time Inc. , our agents , customers , and others , including to enforce our agreements , policies , and terms of use ; or to protect the personal safety of any person . Please note that if Time Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or lines of business is merged , acquired , divested , financed , sold , disposed of or dissolved , including through merger of , consolidation , sale or divestiture of assets , the relevant customer database , including personally identifiable information we may possess about you , may , in whole or in part , be sold , disposed of , transferred , divested , or otherwise disclosed as part of that transaction or proceeding . Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy . Inadvertent disclosures may result , for example , when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data . If you prefer not to receive traditional mail or other off-line promotions from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your personally identifiable offline information with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here . If you prefer not to receive e-mail marketing from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your email address with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here . Time Inc. sites will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses . back to top California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing . ( Note : Time Inc. sites do not recognize the do not track signals that some browsers may employ. )  As discussed above , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes offline please click here , or for email please click here . To find out more about your opt-out rights , please contact us as described in the " How to Contact Us " section below . Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours . Time Inc. also allows you to connect with other sites and services in order to share content and information . You should consult the other sites ' and services ' privacy notices , as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties or their use of your information . Time Inc. sites sometimes may offer contests , sweepstakes , promotions , editorial features , or other activities or offerings that are sponsored or co-sponsored by or presented with identified third parties . By virtue of your participation in such activities or offerings , your IP address and the personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit may be provided to both the Time Inc. site and the third parties . Time Inc. has no control over the third parties ' use of this information . Time Inc. sites may use reputable third parties to present or serve advertisements , including online behavioral advertisements , that you may see on the web pages and to conduct research about the advertisements . This privacy notice does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you ( e.g. , type of browser , operating system , domain name , day and time of visit , page ( s ) visited ) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information ( e.g. , cookies , web beacons and clear gifs ) . For more information on advertisements and your behavioral advertising options , visit our About Ads page and our Network Advertising Initiatives page . To enhance your experience on our Services , we may place " cookies " on your computer or device . Cookies are small text files that we place in your computer or device to store your preferences . Cookies , by themselves , do not tell us your e-mail address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us by , for example , registering with one of our Services . Once you choose to provide us with personal information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie . A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your Web browser or device , and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who has used our Services , and relate your use of the Services to other information about you , such as your usage information and personal information . We use cookies ( and Local Shared Objects , HTML5 , cache cookies , web beacons , or clear gifs , all described further below ) to understand usage of the Services and to improve our content and offerings and to deliver advertisements that you might be interested in . For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience on our Services ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to our site , to save your password in password-protected areas , to enable shopping carts , or to tailor content or product and service offerings ) . Most browsers automatically accept cookies . You can set your browser option so that you will not receive cookies and you can also delete existing cookies from your browser . However , you may find that some parts of the site will not function properly if you have refused cookies or similar tracking technologies and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar tracking technologies might prevent you from accessing some of our content . However , your viewing of editorial content may be hampered . If you wish to block cookies , go to http : //www.allaboutcookies.org/ to find out how , or check your browser.s instructions . Local Shared Objects : Local shared objects , such as .Flash cookies,. also may be stored on your computer or device . Local shared objects operate a lot like cookies , but can not be managed in the same way . Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device , you may be able to manage them using software settings . For information on managing Flash cookies , for example , see http : //helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html . HTML 5 : HTML5 , the language some Web sites are coded in , may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Service usage activities . This information may be retrieved by us to help us manage our Services , such as by giving us information about how our Services are being used by our visitors , how they can be improved , and to customize them for our users . Cache Cookies : Cache cookies , such as eTags , may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited a Service or Services in the past . Web Beacons : Our websites may also use small pieces of code called " web beacons " or " clear gifs " to collect anonymous and aggregate advertising metrics , such as counting page views , promotion views , or advertising responses . A web beacon is an electronic image called a single-pixel or clear GIF . Web beacons can recognize certain types of information , such as a user 's cookie number , time and date of a page view , and description of the page where the web beacon is placed . These web beacons may be used to deliver cookies that conform to our cookie policy above . These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers or partners on our behalf . These technologies enable us to assign a unique number to you , and relate your Service usage information to other information about you , including your personal information . We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times , including both personal information and Service usage information , and use such information along with offline and online information obtained from other sources ( including third parties ) such as demographic information and updated contact information ( where that information has been lawfully disclosed to us ) for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you with relevant content . back to top We have put in place appropriate administrative , technical , and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect . No system can be completely secure , however , and we do not guarantee that unauthorized disclosures and access will not happen . We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us and any subsequent updates . We encourage you to review , update , and correct the personal information that we maintain about you , and you may request that we delete personal information about you that is inaccurate , incomplete , or irrelevant for legitimate purposes , or are being processed in a way which infringes any applicable legal requirements , by contacting us as set out in the " How to Contact Us " section below . At our election , instead of deleting such information , we may retain it with your comment or correction noted in our records . By contacting us , you may also object to our further use of your personal information if you have compelling legitimate grounds ( this may involve closing your account ) . We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information , correct any inaccuracies , or delete any information . Your right to review , update , correct , and delete your personal information may be limited , subject to the law or your jurisdiction : ( i ) if your requests are abusive or unreasonably excessive , ( ii ) where the rights or safety of another person or persons would be encroached upon , or ( iii ) if the information or material you request relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between you and us , or providing access to you would prejudice negotiations between us or an investigation of possible unlawful activity . Your right to review , update , correct and delete your information is subject to our records retention policies and applicable law , including any statutory retention requirements . We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us and thereafter for as long as we need it for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws . Thereafter , we will either delete your personal information or de-identify it so that it is anonymous and not attributed to your identity . Your rights to request that we delete your personal information are set forth in the " Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting Your Personal Information " section above . The site you are visiting is one of the Time Inc. general audience sites and is not intended for use by children . For more information about our online privacy practices for children 's sites , consult the privacy notice at the children 's site in which you are interested . This Privacy Policy may be changed by Time Inc . The revised Privacy Policy will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we may disclose it . If you have any questions or concerns about the Time Inc . Privacy Notice or its implementation please contact us via email by clicking here or by writing to :  Time Customer Service Attention : Consumer Affairs 3000 University Center Drive Tampa , Florida 33612-6408 http : //sportsillustrated.cnn.com/ back to top This Privacy Policy was revised Jan. 2 , 2014 . 
Privacy Policy Effective as of July 1 , 2013 Introduction Collection of Information Use and Disclosure Security User Access and Control Other Important Information Contact Us Fox News Network , LLC ( " Fox News " or " we " ) wants you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information from and about you . This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites , mobile sites , applications ( " apps " ) , and widgets ( collectively , the " Fox News Services " ) . By using Fox News Services , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy . As set forth in our Terms of Use , the Fox News Services are for a general audience , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age . This Privacy Policy applies to all users , including both those who use the Fox News Services without being registered with or subscribing to a Fox News Service and those who have registered with or subscribed to a Fox News Service . This Privacy Policy applies to Fox News 's collection and use of your personal information ( i.e. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) . It also describes generally Fox News 's practices for handling non-personal information ( for example , interests , demographics and services usage ) . Fox News and our service providers collect the following information from and about you : Registration Information is the information you submit to register for a Fox News Service , for example , to create an account , post comments , receive a newsletter , or enter a contest or sweepstakes . Registration Information may include , for example , name , email address , gender , zip code and birthday . Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the Fox News Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content , which may include a name , user name , comments , likes , status , profile information and picture . Public Information and Posts are always public , which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines . Information from Social Media . If you access or log-in to a Fox News Service through a social media service or connect a Fox News Service to a social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends lists , and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service . When you access the Fox News Services through social media services or when you connect a Fox News Service to social media services , you are authorizing Fox News to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Activity Information . When you access and interact with the Fox News Services , we may collect certain information about those visits . For example , in order to permit your connection to the Fox News Services , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device , and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information . If you access the Fox News Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device . Cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier . Websites , apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service . These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the Fox News Services , such as pages you have visited , content you have viewed , search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen . If Fox News wishes to combine your personal information with information we obtain through these technologies in order to determine what messages Fox News provides to you , we will obtain your express affirmative consent . Third parties that support the Fox News Services by serving advertisements or providing services , such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate Fox News Services usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information . Fox News does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies . For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see www.aboutads.info/consumers , and to opt-out of such ad networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to www.aboutads.info/choices . Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether . Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information . Users can manage the use of Flash technologies , with the Flash management tools available at Adobe 's website , see http : //www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/faq.html . Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features , content or personalization available through the Fox News Services . Information from Other Sources . We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources , such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from our Fox News Affiliates or business partners . We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the Fox News Services and features to you , including : to measure and improve those Fox News Services and features ; to improve your experience with both online and off-line Fox News Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting , including advertising and marketing messages ; to allow you to comment on content and to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries . When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person , we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties . We use the information we collect from and about you for these additional purposes :  To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox News Services . Fox News may make your information available to certain third party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide the Fox News Services . To allow social sharing functionality . If you log in with or connect a social media service account with Fox News Services , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other Fox News Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service . We may also share the same information with the social media service provider . By logging in with or connecting your Fox News Services account with a social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy . If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your Fox News Services account and do not participate in social sharing on Fox News Services . To deliver relevant advertisements . Fox News and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you to deliver relevant ads to you when you use the Fox News Services or another service . As noted above , third-party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information , inferred interests , aggregated information , and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests . To find out more about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see www.aboutads.info , and to opt-out of such advertising networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to www.aboutads.info/choices . To opt out of this type of advertising from Outbrain Inc , visit Outbrain 's website at http : //www.outbrain.com/privacy . To contact you . Fox News may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the Fox News Services . If you want to stop receiving promotional materials , you can follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email . There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of , such as notifications of changes to the Fox News Services or policies . If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app . To share with our Fox News Affiliates . Fox News may share your information with Fox News Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy . Users who visit Affiliated Companies ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy . To share with business partners . Fox News may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices . To protect the rights of Fox News and others . There may be instances when Fox News may disclose your information , including situations where Fox News has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of Fox News , our Fox News Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of the Fox News Services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process ; or ( v ) respond to requests from public and government authorities . To complete a merger or sale of assets . If Fox News sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , Fox News may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction . Fox News uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification . If you would like to access , review , correct , update , suppress , or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us , you may contact us as outlined in Section 7 . In your request , please include your email address , name , address , and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to access , change , update , or suppress . We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable . We give you many choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information for marketing purposes . You may opt-out from :  Receiving electronic communications from us : If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis , you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in the email . Cancelling your account . To cancel your account , email mailto : deleteaccount @ foxnews.com , subject , " Delete My Account " and include the email address that you registered your account with ( if different from the email address you 're sending the email from ) . Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances - where , for example , you have shared information with a third-party application or web site . We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies . Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others , and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines . Updates to Privacy Policy . Fox News may modify this Privacy Policy . Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised . Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Fox News Services . If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use the personal information we have already collected from you , we will notify you and provide you with a choice about our future use of that information . Location of Data . The Fox News Services are hosted in and managed from the United States . If you are a user located outside the United States , you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States . United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction . This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above . As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care . Linked Services . The Fox News Services may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games , newsletters , contests or sweepstakes , or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies . Fox News is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies , and once you leave the Fox News Services or click an advertisement you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service . Data Retention . We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law . Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where , for example , you have shared information with social media or other services . Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others . We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies . It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints , contractual , financial or legal requirements . Sensitive Information . We ask that you not send us , and you not disclose , any sensitive personal information ( such as social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) on or through the Fox News Services or otherwise . If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at : Email : ldepartment @ foxnews.com Mail : Fox News Network , LLC 1211 Avenue of the Americas , 15th Floor New York , NY 10036 Attention : Legal Department 
The WebMD Health Professional Network Privacy Policy This policy describes what information may be collected about you when you use the services made available through the WebMD Health Professional Network ( as defined below ) , how this information may be used , how you can control how your information is used and what precautions are taken against unauthorized access or use of your information . The services made available through the WebMD Health Professional Network may be provided in a variety of mediums and devices now known or hereinafter developed including mobile applications , and include without limitation news , reference tools and applications , sponsored programming , personalized content , continuing medical education , communication tools and discussion boards ( collectively , the " Services " ) . You should read the privacy policy of each website that you visit after you leave any of the WebMD Health Professional Network websites . We are not responsible for how other websites treat your privacy once you leave one of our websites . The WebMD Health Professional Network is comprised of several websites : medscape.com , medscape.org and theheart.org ( referred to collectively as the " Professional Sites " ) , including any mobile optimized versions of the Professional Sites and the Medscape Mobile Device Application ( " Medscape Mobile " ) . These properties are owned and operated by our affiliated companies . For example , WebMD LLC owns and operates medscape.com and Medscape Mobile , and Medscape , LLC owns and operates medscape.org and theheart.org . References to " WebMD " in this Privacy Policy mean WebMD LLC , including any company that WebMD controls ( for example a subsidiary that it owns ) and references to " Medscape " mean Medscape , LLC , including any company that Medscape controls . We refer to the Professional Sites that WebMD operates as the " WebMD Sites " and the Professional Sites that Medscape operates as the " Medscape Sites. "  Reference to " we " or " our " means WebMD and Medscape . We may share information among the subsidiaries of WebMD Health Corp. ( our parent company ) and the respective Professional Sites that we each own or control , but it is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy . You can visit our corporate site at www.wbmd.com to learn more about WebMD and Medscape , obtain investor information , and obtain contact information . As this Privacy Policy changes in significant ways , we will take steps to inform you of the changes . Minor changes to this Privacy Policy may occur that will not significantly affect the ways in which we each use your personally identifiable information . In these instances , we may not inform you of such minor changes . When this Privacy Policy changes in a way that significantly affects the way we handle personal information , we will not apply the new Policy to information we have previously collected from you without giving you a choice as to whether or not we can apply the new Policy to your information going forward . In this section of our Privacy Policy , we discuss the different types of information that we may collect about you , and the ways in which such information may be collected . You must register to access all of the Services , however , you may be able to access certain limited areas of the Services without disclosing any personally identifiable information . We collect non-personally identifiable information ( i.e. , information that is not traced back to any individual and is not used on its own to identify an individual ) about your use of the Services through the use of cookies , even if you have not registered , including the referring website , if applicable , the type of browser you use , and the time and date that you accessed the Services . The section of this Privacy Policy entitled " Cookies and Web Beacons , " below , further describes how we use cookies and how you can limit our use of cookies . When you register for the Services , you are asked to provide identifying information such as your name , e-mail address , zip code , and other professional information ( e.g. , specialty ) . You will also be given a choice about whether or not you want to receive newsletters and other information sent to registered users from time to time . If you are required to provide additional personally identifiable information to access a particular component of the Services , or if we would like to use personally identifiable information that you have previously provided in a manner not otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy , we will explain how we intend to use such personally identifiable information at the time of collection and will require your consent at that time to any such collection and use . When you participate in a Continuing Medical Education ( CME ) or a Continuing Education ( CE ) activity through the Services , you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name and mailing address . In addition to personally identifiable information , aggregated non-personally identifiable information about the activities undertaken by CME/CE participants is recorded . Information that you provide in connection with your participation in CME/CE activities , either when registering or requesting credit , may be used in several ways :  Medscape is accredited by the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education ( ACCME ) the American Nurses Credentialing Center , and the Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education to provide continuing education to physicians , nurses and pharmacists , respectively . As an accredited entity , Medscape is required to periodically submit aggregated data about CME/CE participants and the CME/ CE activities that Medscape certifies . Medscape also provides personally identifiable information to other accredited CME/CE providers who certify CME/CE activities offered through the Services , as necessary for their fulfillment of their reporting obligations to the ACCME and other accrediting bodies . These reports may include personally identifiable information about you and credits issued to you , for the purpose of maintaining records that you can request from the accredited provider for up to six ( 6 ) years ; and Supporters of CME/CE activities will receive only aggregated data about CME/CE activities that they support . The Medscape editorial staff has access to files containing personally identifiable information , including evaluation forms and aggregated CME /CE participant information . These files can be accessed in order to respond to your questions or comments . Medscape may also use personally identifiable information , including registration information and evaluation data , in assessing educational needs and evaluating its education activities . We may collect additional information about registered users from third party sources to assist us in providing the Services . For example , we use such information to verify and update registration information and confirm licensure status . Discussion Boards : When you post a message to a discussion board , your basic profile will be available for all registered users to see . This basic profile consists of your name , specialty and geographic information . You may , at your option , choose to display additional information in your profile . You should not post any information about you or any other person ( including any patient ) to a discussion board or other public forum if you want to keep such information private or you are required by law to keep such information private . Information you post to discussion boards is considered public information and may be used by us and third parties , as further described in the WebMD Health Professional Network Terms of Use . Tools : Clinical tools may be available through the Services . These tools may require you to provide information for the tools to operate . These tools may store information that you provide on our servers . Additional Forms and Emails : We may also ask you to provide additional information after you register if you want to obtain additional services or information or to resolve complaints or concerns . Market Research : From time to time , you may be invited to participate in a sponsored or unsponsored market research survey through an email invitation , on-site pop-up or some other means . The survey may be administered by one of our companies or a third party market research company . When participating in such a survey , in addition to providing your responses to the survey questions you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information that may be combined with information that you have already provided at registration or that we have received from third party sources , as described in this Privacy Policy . The section of this Privacy Policy entitled " Uses and Disclosures We Make of Your Information , " below , describes how we use and disclose information about your participation in market research surveys offered through the Services . We collect non-personally identifiable information about your use of the Services through the use of cookies . A cookie is a small data file that your browser allows us to place on your hard drive so we can associate you with the device you are using . We may assign cookies to devices that accesses the Services to : ( i ) track usage across the Professional Sites and Services ; ( ii ) help us dynamically generate advertising and content to users of the Services ; and ( iii ) assess which Professional Site pages and Services you access . If you are a registered user of the WebMD Health Professional Network , we may elect to associate your registration information with our cookies . Associating a cookie with your registration data allows us to provide more customized content , including advertisements , and enhance personalization and functionality of the Services . As discussed below , when you download and install Medscape Mobile onto your mobile device , we assign a random number to your installation , and that random number is used in a manner similar to our use of cookies . Most browser software can be set to reject all cookies . If your browser is set to reject cookies , websites that are cookie-enabled will not recognize you when you return to the website , and some website functionality may be lost . The Help section of your browser will tell you about your options for managing your cookies . We may use web beacons and cookies to serve you targeted advertisements when you visit other websites owned and operated by WebMD . We may also use web beacons to track who has opened our emails . Web beacons are tiny graphic image files , embedded in a website page that notify the home server ( which can belong to the host website , a network advertiser , or some other third party ) on a non-personally identifiable basis that some interaction has taken place . This notice may also result in a cookie being set on your device , as described above . WebMD contracts with third parties whose web beacons may be placed on the WebMD Sites to assist WebMD in targeting its advertising that is served to you on websites that are not owned and operated by WebMD . These web beacons place cookies on your browser in order to enable these third parties to collect non-personally identifiable information about you . These third parties have agreed not to use any non-personally identifiable information that they may collect through their use of these cookies except to deliver advertisements on our behalf . If your browser is set to reject cookies , this non-personally identifiable information will not be sent to these third parties . Also , in connection with its sale of advertising , WebMD may allow a third party to place a cookie on your browser to enable advertisers to recognize your browser on a non-personally identifiable basis in order to deliver an advertisement to you when you visit a WebMD Site . These advertisers are not permitted to collect any information based on your visits to a WebMD Site . Sponsors or advertisers that market to you through our Services may use their own cookies , web beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served to you . Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve these ads and to monitor users ' responses to ads , and these companies ( " Ad Servers " ) may also collect non-personally identifiable information through the use of cookies or web beacons . We do not control these third parties ' use of cookies or web beacons , or how they manage the non-personally identifiable information they gather through them . However , we do require sponsors , advertisers and Ad Servers who we authorize to collect cookie or web beacon information through the Services to agree that they will not collect any personally identifiable information about you from your use of the Services through these means . Further , they have agreed that they will not link any non-personal cookie or web beacon information that they collect from your use of the Services to personally identifiable information that they or others collect in other ways or from other websites except as may be described in connection with a particular program or except as you may have agreed with the third party placing the cookie or web beacon . Certain Ad Servers and third party firms that facilitate the serving of advertisements based on your browsing activities on the Internet allow you to prevent them from collecting data or serving advertisements through the use of their cookies . In order to do so , you must opt-out of such data collection with each individual website . Currently , you can opt-out of Cookies for several Ad Servers and marketing analytics firms by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out website . This website will also allow you to review the privacy policies of these Ad Servers and marketing analytics firms . The websites on the WebMD Health Professional Network do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals . When you download and install Medscape Mobile onto your mobile device , we assign a random number to your installation . We can not use this number to identify you personally , and we can not identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of Medscape Mobile . We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of cookies as described in this Privacy Policy . Unlike cookies , the random number is assigned to your installation of Medscape Mobile itself and not a browser , because Medscape Mobile does not work through your browser . Therefore the random number can not be removed through your device settings . If you do not want us to use the random number for purposes similar to the purposes for which we use cookies , as described in this Privacy Policy , please do not use Medscape Mobile . Also , if you do become a registered user of Medscape Mobile , we will use your registration information as described in this Privacy Policy to provide the Services to you through Medscape Mobile . We do not obtain any information about your mobile device ( through the random number , your registration information or otherwise ) other than its brand , make and model and the type of operating software that it uses . We are committed to protecting the privacy of children . The Professional Sites and Services are designed and intended for use by adults , and are not intended for , nor designed to be used by children under the age of 18 . We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we know is under the age of 18 . In this section of our Privacy Policy , we identify the ways we may use information about you that we have collected . In general , the personally identifiable information that you provide in connection with the Services will be used to provide the services you have requested or authorized . We create aggregate data about users of our Services for product development and improvement activities . We also use it for market analysis . We may provide information about users of our Services in aggregate form to third parties . For example , WebMD may tell a client what percentage of registered users of the WebMD Health Professional Network reside in a particular geographical area or specialize in a particular clinical area , or what percentage of participants in a market research survey selected a particular response to a survey question . When aggregated information is provided to a third party , it is pooled with many individual records and stripped of any data that could be used to identify an individual . Any third party that receives aggregated information must agree not to attempt to re-identify the people it belongs to . Depending on our agreement with the third party , we may or may not charge for this information . WebMD may target its advertising and marketing ( e.g. , through e-mail and on-site communications ) based on information that you provide when you register for the Services and information that it receives from third party sources . For example , a user that WebMD knows is a cardiologist may be served cardiology-related advertisements on both WebMD-owned and third party websites that a neurologist will not see , or a user that WebMD knows is a healthcare professional who treats diabetes may be served advertisements for new diabetes therapies that other users would not see ( although in neither case will the advertiser have access to any personally identifiable information about you ) . WebMD serves these ads through the use of cookies and web beacons , as described above . Additionally , WebMD may geographically target its advertising to registered and unregistered users based on IP address . WebMD may also personalize the Services and the advertising that registered users see on the WebMD Sites based on their interests . For example , you may see different articles and advertisements in different places on medscape.com based on information you have shared with WebMD such as your specialty , information that WebMD has obtained by observing your previous activity within the WebMD Professional Network , or information that WebMD has received from third party sources , as described in this Privacy Policy . In addition to aggregate information ( discussed previously ) , we each may each share some kinds of personally identifiable information with third parties as described below . Other Companies : We have strategic relationships with other companies who offer products and services through the Services . When you are interacting with one of these companies , a different privacy policy may apply and will be presented to you at such time . Companies and People Who Work for Us : We each contract with other companies and individuals to help us provide our respective services . For example , we may host some of our Professional Sites on another company 's computers , hire technical consultants to maintain any Web-based clinical tools , work with companies to remove repetitive information from customer lists , analyze data , provide marketing assistance ( including assisting us in targeting our advertisements as described herein ) , or provide customer service or fulfillment services . In addition , if you are a healthcare professional , we may request that a third party validate your licensure status and other information against available databases of healthcare professionals . In order to provide these services , these other companies may have limited access to some of the personally identifiable information we maintain about users of our Services . We require all such companies to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy , to limit their access to any personal information to the minimum necessary to perform their obligations , and not to use the information they may access for purposes other than fulfilling their responsibilities to us . Market Research : From time to time , we may invite you to participate in sponsored or unsponsored market research surveys as further described above . We may provide aggregate information from the survey results to third parties including the survey sponsor , if applicable . If you receive remuneration for participating in a sponsored survey , we may be required to provide the sponsor with personally identifiable information about you for its recordkeeping and regulatory reporting purposes . We will not provide any sponsor with your survey responses on an identifiable basis unless we obtain your consent prior to your participation in the survey . If you participate in a survey administered by a third party market research company , this company may identify you when you participate in the survey . We require these companies to agree that they will not provide the survey sponsor with personally identifiable information about you based on your participation in the survey , nor will they market to you based on such participation . Sponsored Programs : When you use WebMD 's Services through a WebMD Site , newsletter , Medscape Mobile or other means , you may be presented with advertisements and opportunities to engage in industry-sponsored informational programs consisting of sponsor-selected materials ( " Sponsored Programs " ) . All advertisements and Sponsored Programs ( including any links to Sponsored Programs ) will be identified to you by the label Advertisement , Information from Industry , Sponsored , WebMD Professional or some similar designation indicating that the content has been selected by a third-party sponsor . Examples of Sponsored Programs include information resources featuring branded or unbranded commercial content , interactive programs that provide information about medical conditions , treatments and products , multi-media presentations including video featuring a key opinion leader and safety and regulatory information resources . We may make Sponsored Programs available to you through email or on-site media units , all of which will be identified as described above . When you choose to engage in a Sponsored Program , you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information ( e.g. , postal address , telephone number , e-mail address , etc. )  which may be used to supplement information about you that we have already received during member registration . In addition , we may collect information in connection with a transaction that you have requested ( e.g. , sample request , sales rep visit , etc. ) , responses to Sponsored Program questions , and/or gift requests and issuance . Even if you do not provide us with personally identifiable information , we collect non-personally identifiable information about your use of Sponsored Programs through cookies and web beacons , as described above . The personally identifiable information that you provide when you engage in a Sponsored Program will be used to provide the services you have requested or authorized , respond to your questions , provide you the specific services you select and to send you emails about new programs and selected information from our sponsors as it relates to your specialty or area of clinical practice . You may also receive invitations to engage in other Sponsored Programs from the same sponsor . When you are exposed to an advertisement through the Services , whether on a WebMD Site or Medscape Mobile , in a newsletter or through some other means , and when you engage in a Sponsored Program , e.g. , access a sponsored information resource or open a Sponsored Program e-mail from WebMD Professional , WebMD may identify you by name to the sponsor of the advertisement or Sponsored Program and/or its agents on the sponsor 's behalf , as well as to potential sponsors of advertisements and Sponsored Programs that may be provided to you through the Services . We may also provide such third parties with your specialty and country where you reside , based on your registration profile . We will not provide these third parties with your personal contact information such as email or postal address . We are not responsible for how these third parties use your information and manage your privacy . Further , we may use non-personally identifiable information for research purposes , and we may provide this information in the aggregate to third parties . For example , we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of a Sponsored Program and the activities they conduct while engaged in the Program . Business Transfers : If one of us transfers a business unit ( such as a subsidiary ) or an asset ( such as a website ) to another company , that company will be required to honor the applicable terms of this Privacy Policy . Legal Requirements : We may release account and other personally identifiable information when we believe release ( 1 ) is required to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( 2 ) is reasonable in response to a physical threat to you or others , to protect property or defend or assert legal rights . In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your personally identifiable information to a third party , we will attempt to notify you unless doing so would violate the law , court order or government instruction . Consent : We may release personally identifiable information to a third party in accordance with your consent , subject to the purposes and limits that we disclose when we request your consent . For example , when you choose to participate in a Sponsored Program , we may provide certain personally identifiable information to the sponsor of such program and to potential sponsors of programs , as further described above . If we discover that a third party inadvertently disclosed personally identifiable information about any of our users , we will take immediate action to prevent further occurrences . In this section of our Privacy Policy , we discuss the security measures we take to protect information that we have collected about you . We have implemented technology and security policies , rules and other measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from unauthorized access , improper use , alteration , unlawful or accidental destruction , and accidental loss . We also protect your information by requiring that all our employees and others who have access to or are associated with the processing of your data respect your confidentiality . We use security methods to determine the identity of registered users , so that appropriate rights and restrictions can be enforced for that user . Reliable verification of user identity is called authentication . We use both passwords and usernames to authenticate users . Users are responsible for maintaining their own passwords . Employees are required to keep your information private , as a condition of their employment with us . Only selected , authorized employees are permitted to access health information . All employees and contractors must abide by our Privacy Policy , and those who violate that policy are subject to disciplinary action , up to and including termination of their employment and legal action . In this section of this Privacy Policy , we tell you how to obtain and correct information we have about you , and how to choose what types of information you may share with us . Correction of Information We Have About You If you believe that there are errors in the registration information associated with your account , you may edit your personal profile any time that you like . You can directly edit your user profile on the Professional Site on which you initially registered . Requests for deletion of your record may result in your removal from the registry , but we may keep certain demographic information about you for product improvement purposes . You may contact Customer Support and ask for the changes that you would like to make . Use of your Information Outside of the EEA WebMD and Medscape are located in the United States . We will collect , store , and process information about your use of the Services in countries outside of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) as necessary for our legitimate business purposes . By using the Services , you consent to such collection , storage and processing outside of the EEA . We will take reasonable steps to ensure your information is adequately protected . Privacy Questions or Concerns For privacy questions or concerns about one of our Web sites or Services , please contact MedscapePrivacy @ webmd.net . Terms of Use Our terms of use agreements can be found here . Effective date : December 20 , 2013 
Privacy policy Your privacy on the Internet is of utmost importance to the World Health Organization ( WHO ) . This privacy statement describes WHO 's policy concerning the gathering and sharing of visitors ' information through the WHO web site . It applies to all WHO sites that is , all sites within the who.int domain name . Normal web site usage In general , you can browse the WHO site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself . The only information we gather during general browsing is from standard server logs . These include your IP ( Internet Protocol ) address , domain name , browser type , operating system , and information such as the web site that referred you to us , the files you download , the pages you visit , and the dates/times of those visits . Collection of personally identifiable information If you register for a newsletter , log on to certain WHO sites , order a book , request information , provide feedback , apply for a job , join a discussion group or join an electronic mailing list , you will be asked to provide personal information such as your name , postal address and e-mail address . This information is collected only with your knowledge and permission , and is kept in various WHO databases and mailing lists . If you are purchasing something using the web , you may be asked to provide your credit card details . These details are transferred to a secure , online payment service , hosted outside WHO . Credit card information is not retained by WHO . WHO sites with specific requirements to collect personal information may publish a privacy policy specific for that site . In these cases , the site-specific policies will be complementary to this general WHO privacy policy , but will give additional details for that particular site . For certain WHO sites , registering or supplying personal information sets a cookie * . By setting this cookie , WHO will remember your details the next time you visit , so you do n't have to re-enter the information . This helps us to provide you with a better service . Joining electronic discussion groups may mean that other participants of the discussion group ( including non-WHO employees ) will see personal information that you have volunteered . For open discussion groups , this information will be public . Normal web site usage The information gathered during general browsing of the who.int domain is used to analyse trends and usage of the WHO site and to improve the usefulness of the site . It is not connected with any personal information . Personally identifiable information WHO may use the personal information you provide to :  Contact you either in response to a query or suggestion , or to mail newsletters , documents , publications etc. to you ; Manage and process your job application ; Confirm your purchases and registrations on the site ; Obtain payment for purchases through the site ( via credit card ) ; Remember your online profile and preferences ; Help you quickly find information that is relevant to you based on your interests , and help us create site content most relevant to you ; Statistical analysis . Providing personal information on the WHO site is optional . If you choose not to provide personal information , you can still browse and use the WHO site , but you will not be able to carry out certain actions such as purchase items , register for a newsletter or apply for a job . At any time , you can cancel or modify your information by returning to the web page where you first provided the information and contacting the focal point for that page/WHO department . Where contact details are not provided on the page , you can contact internet @ who.int for further information . We do not sell or share any personally identifiable information volunteered on the WHO site to any third party . Any information provided to WHO by users of the WHO site is held with the utmost care and security , and will not be used in ways other than as set forth in this privacy policy , or in any site-specific policies , or in ways to which you have explicitly consented . WHO employs a range of technologies and security measures to protect the information maintained on our systems from loss , misuse , unauthorized access or disclosure , alteration , or destruction . All our employees who have access to , and are associated with the processing of personal data , are obliged to respect the confidentiality of official business matters , including personal data . The WHO site contains links to sites external to the who.int domain . WHO is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites . Changes to this privacy policy will be posted on the WHO home page at www.who.int For questions or queries regarding this privacy policy , please contact us at internet @ who.int * Cookies A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent from a web server to your browser . It is normally used to assign a unique identification to your computer and securely store information such as user IDs , passwords , preferences , and online profiles . It is stored on the hard drive of your computer . You can choose not to have cookies delivered by WHO sites by changing your browser settings . Different web sites can send their own cookies to your computer . To protect your privacy , your browser only allows a web site to access the cookies it has already sent you , not the cookies sent by other sites . You can choose not to have cookies delivered by WHO sites by changing your browser settings . Different web sites can send their own cookies to your computer . To protect your privacy , your browser only allows a web site to access the cookies it has already sent you , not the cookies sent by other sites . 
PRIVACY POLICY Your privacy and the security of your personal information are very important to us . We want you to be as comfortable as possible visiting our Website and using our Online Products . We are dedicated to protecting the privacy of those who visit our Website and use our Online Products . This Privacy Policy governs our United States weightwatchers.com websites ( collectively our " Website " ) and our Online Products , and explains how we collect your personal information on our Website or through the Online Products , how we protect such information , and the choices you have concerning the use of such information . Please read this Privacy Policy carefully . Except as WeightWatchers.com , Inc. and Weight Watchers International , Inc. ( collectively , " we " , " us " , or " our " ) disclose in this Privacy Policy , we will not sell , share , license , trade , or rent your personal information to others . We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time . We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy here so that you will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information , and whether we will disclose that information to anyone . Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis . By using our Website or any of our products , offerings , features , tools or resources that we provide on our Website ( collectively , our " Online Products " ) , including our products or offerings for personal digital assistants or other handheld or mobile devices ( collectively , our Handheld Products ) , you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy . Please remember that this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by our Website or through our Online Products . We are not responsible for the privacy of any information you reveal or post in any public forum ( e.g. , message board , blog , personal page , etc. )  or through the " Public Profile " feature available on our Website , or for the privacy practices of websites that are operated or owned by third parties . TRUSTe Click to verifyWeight Watchers.com , Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us at privacy @ weightwatchers.com . If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by visiting this page WHAT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU IS COLLECTED ON OUR WEBSITE OR THROUGH OUR ONLINE PRODUCTS ? WHERE AND WHEN IS INFORMATION COLLECTED ON OUR WEBSITE OR THROUGH OUR ONLINE PRODUCTS ( INCLUDING THROUGH THE USE OF COOKIES AND ACTION TAGS ) ? DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE ? WHAT DO WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ? WHEN DO WE DISCLOSE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES ? DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLY WHEN YOU LINK TO OTHER WEBSITES ? IS THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT SECURE ? WHAT CHOICES DO YOU HAVE REGARDING THE COLLECTION , DISCLOSURE AND DISTRIBUTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ? CAN YOU UPDATE OR CORRECT YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ? HOW WILL YOU KNOW IF THERE ARE ANY CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY ? WHOM DO YOU CONTACT IF YOU HAVE ANY PRIVACY QUESTIONS ? We collect two types of information : personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information . Personally Identifiable Information . Personally identifiable information is information that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you ( " Personally Identifiable Information " ) . Such Personally Identifiable Information may include your name , address , email address , telephone number , birth date ( primarily for eligibility purposes ) and billing and payment information . We may request Personally Identifiable Information from you when you register on our Website , subscribe to our Online Products , or in connection with other Online Products we may make available on our Website from time to time . In all of these cases , we will collect Personally Identifiable Information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us . Unless you give us permission to do so , we will not sell , share , license , trade or rent your Personally Identifiable Information other than as specified in this Privacy Policy . You do not have to provide us with any Personally Identifiable Information to visit our Website . However , if you choose to withhold requested information , you may not be able to visit all sections of our Website or use all of our Online Products , such as subscribing to our online weight-loss tools or posting content to any Community Area on our Website . A " Community Area " means any blog , personal page , group page , chat room , message board , bulletin board , recipe swap , or similar activity . In addition , we may not be able to provide you with some of the other Online Products dependent upon the collection of such information , such as a personalized WeightWatchers.com home page . Non-Personally Identifiable Information . When you become a registered user of our Website , subscribe to one of our current Online Products , or in connection with other Online Products we may make available on our Website from time to time , we also may collect information that by itself can not be used to identify or contact you , such as demographic information ( like age , profession or gender ) and health information ( like current weight ) ( " Non-Personally Identifiable Information " ) . Non-Personally Identifiable Information may also include user IP addresses , browser types , domain names , and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Website . Non-Personally Identifiable Information is used to help us understand who uses our Website and to improve and market our Website in general and our Online Products in particular . Information from Other Sources . We may also supplement the information we collect with information from other sources to assist us in evaluating and improving our Website and Online Products , to determine your preferences so that we can tailor our Website and Online Products to your needs , and/or to study nutritional , weight-loss , behavioral and fitness questions in general . We may collect information ( including information that is Personally Identifiable Information ) from you in different manners and at different places and times on our Website , such as when you register for our Website or subscribe to one of our Online Products . We also may collect information from you in connection with , or through , other Online Products we may make available on our Website from time to time . The following is a description of the areas and/or manners in which we primarily collect information about you . Becoming a Registered User and Subscription . In order to access certain Online Products on our Website , such as our Community Areas , weight-loss tools and food database , you must first complete certain steps to become either a registered user or a subscriber . During these steps , you may be required to provide us with information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) such as name , zip code and email address , and , if you subscribe to one of our Online Products , payment and billing information . This information is used to help us understand who uses our Website , to improve our Website and our Online Products , to contact users about requested Online Products and/or for subscription billing purposes . It is optional for you to provide demographic information ( such as profession and number of children ) , but providing this information is encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our Website . Cookies and Action Tags . We also collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information passively using " cookies " and " action tags. "  " Cookies " are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device in order to identify ( i ) your Web browser , ( ii ) the activities of your computer on our Website and ( iii ) your activity in connection with our advertisements and other marketing and promotional efforts . Cookies may be used to : personalize your experience on our Website ( e.g. , to dynamically generate content on webpages specifically designed for you ) , assist you in using our Online Products ( e.g. , to save you time by not having to reenter your name upon each visit to our Website ) , and allow us to statistically monitor how you are using our Website for purposes of improving our online offerings . We also may use cookies to conduct marketing and promotional efforts , tailor certain advertisements to your browser that we think may be of interest to you , or to determine the popularity of certain content . We may link the information stored in cookies to Personally Identifiable Information you provide us , and to personalize your Website experience we may store Personally Identifiable Information you provide us in an encrypted form in temporary or session cookies , which are erased when you close your browser . In addition to cookies that we place on your computer , cookies may also be placed on your computer by third parties that we use to display or serve advertisements or to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information in order to provide advertising-related services . For example , in the course of serving advertisements , our third-party ad servers may place or recognize a unique " cookie " on your browser . We have selected DoubleClick Inc . ( " DoubleClick " ) ( owned by Google , Inc. )  and Razorfish , LLC , ( owned by Microsoft Corp. )  which employs Atlas DMT ( Atlas ) technology , as our third party ad servers . Neither DoubleClick , Atlas nor their cookies collect Personally Identifiable Information on our Website , and we do not share Personally Identifiable Information with them without your permission . DoubleClick 's privacy policy describes its data collection practices and explains the way in which you can " opt-out " of certain tracking by DoubleClick . Atlas 's privacy policy describes its data collection practices and explains the way in which you can " opt-out " of certain tracking by Atlas . You may also " opt-out " of certain tracking on our Website and other websites by various advertising companies through the Network Advertising Initiative . You do not have to accept cookies to use our Website , however , you may not be able to use certain products , offerings , features , or resources of our Website ( including our Online Products ) if you do not accept cookies . Although most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , you may reset your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to reject cookies generally . Most browsers offer instructions on how to do so in the " Help " section of the toolbar . " Action tags , " also known as web beacons or GIF tags , are a web technology used to help track anonymous website usage information , such as how many times a specific page has been viewed . Action tags are invisible to you , and any portion of our Website , including advertisements , or e-mail sent on our behalf , may contain action tags . Unlike cookies , action tags are not placed on your computer . For example , third-party ad servers such as DoubleClick and Atlas may track anonymous website usage through action tags on our Website and other websites . They do this by setting a cookie ( or reading a cookie previously placed by them ) on users ' computers to track the activities of users who view a web page that contains action tags . DoubleClick and Atlas may use information about your visits to this Website and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you . Periodically , upon our request , DoubleClick and/or Atlas may report the anonymous data that they collect on our behalf back to us for our internal use and analysis and our treatment of this anonymous data is governed by the terms of this Privacy Policy . Similarly , we use Adobe Site Catalyst to help us track and analyze usage of our Website , using cookies and action tags . All data collected by Adobe on our behalf is owned by us and used to better understand our users and improve our Website . More information can be found in Adobe 's Privacy Policy . By using cookies and action tags together , we are able to gain valuable information to improve our Website and our Online Products and measure the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns . We do not disclose any of your Personally Identifiable Information to our advertising partners through the use of cookies or action tags . Finally , please note that advertisers and other third parties may also use their own cookies or action tags when you view or click on their advertisement or link to their website or service , on or from our Website . This Privacy Policy does not govern the use by such third-party websites or providers of third-party advertising . Social Media ( Features ) and Widgets Our Website includes social media features , buttons and widgets provided by third party social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter ( collectively , the Features ) . A Feature may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Website , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly . This cookie may allow the social media platform to link the foregoing data with your user profile . The Features are either hosted by the third party platform or directly on our Website . Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the relevant platform . Facebook Connect or other OpenID provider You can log in to our Website using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider . These services will authenticate your identity . Referral Programs . Through third party referral program operators and others , we offer referral programs whereby referral websites can earn commissions through the referral of subscribers or other purchasers to our Website . To track the earning of such commissions , and to determine the effectiveness of the referral programs , the users who become subscribers to our Online Products or purchasers through such referral websites are tracked using technologies that do not include Personally Identifiable Information ( such as cookies and/or action tags ) . Our program operators and the referral websites themselves can only access non-Personally Identifiable Information such as data relating to the number of impressions served , the number of transactions completed , and their resulting earnings . They can not access our customers ' personal data . If you choose to apply to be a referral website , we use the data you provide strictly for conducting business with you . We have entered into certain agreements with third party program operators for the purpose of administering our referral programs . Should you become a referral website of ours through one of our third party program operators , any information you provide to them is subject to their privacy policies . Online Products . We collect information , some of which may be Personally Identifiable Information , that you voluntarily provide to us when you choose to use some of our Online Products ( available either for free or on a subscription basis ) such as the " Favorites " feature , the PointsPlus Tracker tool , the " Weight Tracker " tool and the Community Areas . We also collect information that you provide voluntarily through responses to special Online Products such as surveys , questionnaires , self-assessment quizzes , contests and the like . Some of these Online Products may ask you for health related information . We collect this information in order to personalize your online experience . Handheld Products . Information is also collected when you use our Handheld Products , including the software application needed to utilize the Handheld Products on your handheld device ( the Application ) . During the installation of the Application and subsequent synchronizations , we collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information concerning your device ( such as the specific type of operating system and hardware you have , and the amount of free and total memory ) and the Application 's files on your device . Our Handheld Products also collect information about your usage of the Application ( such as the dates you last synced with the Internet or the dates you last used certain features ) . When you sync your device with the Website , we store some of this information . Public Forums and the Public Profile Feature . We feature public forums such as those contained in the Community Areas where you and other users of our Website can communicate with one another . In addition , we offer both the " Public Profile " and Account Settings features of our Website to permit you to share information about yourself ( including , if you elect , Personally Identifiable Information ) with others . THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT PROTECT YOU WHEN YOU USE OUR PUBLIC FORUMS OR PROVIDE INFORMATION ( INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ) ABOUT YOURSELF THROUGH THE PUBLIC PROFILE FEATURE OR THROUGH ANY COMMUNITY AREA AVAILABLE ON OUR WEBSITE . You should be aware that any information shared in a public forum such as a message board , blog , personal page , posting , group , bulletin board or recipe swap or through our Public Profile feature is public information and may be seen or collected by third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy , although the availability of personal pages or groups identified as private may be limited to certain permitted users . However , even information marked private may be viewed by our staff . You should think carefully before disclosing any information in any public forum , or through the Public Profile feature , on our Website . For example , you should not select a username that includes personal information.To request removal of your personal information from our Community Areas , contact our Privacy Coordinator at the address indicated below . Log Files . We also collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information through our Internet log files , which record data such as user IP addresses , browser types , domain names , and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Website . This information may be used to analyze trends , to administer the Website , to monitor our Website 's use , and to gather general demographic information . We may link this information to Personally Identifiable Information for these and other purposes such as personalizing your experience on our Website and evaluating our Online Products in general . Email or Refer a Friend . Through our referral tools for informing a friend about our Website , or one of our Online Products , we will automatically send your friend a one-time email containing the information you request to be sent . If you elect to use these referral tools , we will collect from you certain Personally Identifiable Information about your friend such as your friend 's name and email address . We may store that information for purposes of sending the one-time email and as necessary to operate and track the success of our referral program . We will not use your friend 's information for any other purpose . We are committed to protecting the privacy of children . Our Website and Online Products are not designed for or directed to children under the age of 13 . We do not collect Personally Identifiable Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13 . We urge all parents or guardians to participate in their children 's exploration of the Internet , and to teach their children about protecting their personal information while online . In general , we use the information collected on our Website and through our Online Products to help us understand who uses our Website and Online Products and how they are used , to personalize your experience , to assist you in using our Online Products , to improve our Website and Online Products , and for subscription billing purposes , if applicable . With respect to our Handheld Products , for example , we may use such information , among other things , to ensure that your handheld device is supported and that it has enough room for the Application , and to confirm which versions of the Application 's files are installed on your device . If you become a registered user of our Website or subscribe to one of our Online Products , we may use your information to send you a welcoming email that may confirm your username . If you " opt-in " ( for example , if you check a box , or if the box is pre-checked , you do not opt out by unchecking the box ) we may send you electronic newsletters , contact you about Weight Watchers products , services , information and news that may be of interest to you , and provide you with targeted feedback . If you no longer desire to receive these communications , we will provide you with an option to change your preferences . In addition , if you identify yourself to us by sending us an email with questions or comments , we may use your information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) to respond to your questions or comments , and we may file your questions or comments for future reference . We may also use the information collected to contact you about important service announcements and updates regarding our Website or Online Products or , if you are a subscriber , about your billing account status . You will not be able to opt-out of these service announcements and updates as they contain important information relevant to your use of our Website and/or our Online Products and are not promotional in nature . ( If you do not wish to receive these service announcements , you may cancel your account with us and delete the Personally Identifiable Information maintained about you on our systems by contacting our Privacy Coordinator at the address set out below. )  In addition , we may use your information to contact you about Weight Watchers products , services , information and news that may be of interest to you by postal mail if you become a registered user of our Website or subscribe to one of our Online Products after April 23 , 2004 and/or by phone if you become a subscriber to one of our Online Products after October 25 , 2012 , unless you notify us that you no longer desire to receive these communications . We may also use the information gathered on our Website and through our Online Products to perform statistical analysis of user behavior , to analyze and evaluate issues relating to nutrition , weight-loss , behavior and fitness , or to evaluate and improve our Online Products . We may link some of this information to Personally Identifiable Information for internal purposes only or to assist you in your personal weight-loss efforts . Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , we will not disclose any information we gather from you on our Website . Affiliates We may disclose information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) about you to our Affiliates . For purposes of this Privacy Policy , " Affiliate " means any person or entity which directly or indirectly controls , is controlled by or is under common control with WeightWatchers.com , Inc. or Weight Watchers International , Inc. , whether by ownership or otherwise . Any information relating to you that we provide to our Affiliates will be treated by those Affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy . We may share your information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) with franchisees of Weight Watchers International , Inc. , but only where we indicate to you at time of information collection that such information will be provided to a franchisee , or if we otherwise obtain your permission . Laws and Legal Rights . We may also disclose your information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in order to comply with an applicable statute , regulation , rule or law , a subpoena , a search warrant , a court or regulatory order , or other valid legal process . We may disclose Personally Identifiable Information in special circumstances when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms & Conditions , or our Subscription Agreement or to protect the safety and/or security of our users , our Website or the general public . Third Parties Generally . We may provide to third parties information about you that does not allow you to be identified or contacted , including where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our Website . For example , we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our Website , the demographic breakdown of the registered users of our Website , or the activities that visitors to our Website engage in while on our Website . The third parties to which we may provide this information may include potential or actual advertisers , providers of advertising services ( including website tracking services ) , commercial partners , sponsors , licensees , researchers and other similar parties . Outside Contractors . We may employ independent contractors , vendors and suppliers ( collectively , " Outside Contractors " ) to provide specific services and products related to our Website or Online Products , such as providing payment processing and fraud screening , and developing applications for our Website and e-mail services . These Outside Contractors may sometimes have limited access to information collected on our Website , including your Personally Identifiable Information , in the course of providing products or services to us . Access to your Personally Identifiable Information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary in order for the Outside Contractors to perform their limited function for us . We also require that these Outside Contractors ( i ) protect the privacy of your Personally Identifiable Information consistent with this Privacy Policy , and ( ii ) not use or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information for any purpose other than providing us with products or services for which we contracted . Third Party Sellers . In addition , through our Website , you may be given the opportunity to purchase ( or to obtain more information regarding ) certain content , products or services which are sold through a person or company other than us or our Affiliates ( collectively , " Third Party Sellers " ) . We will attempt to make it clear to you when you are dealing with a Third Party Seller by opening a new browser or otherwise notifying you that you are leaving our Website . For example , if you see a phrase such as " powered by " or " brought to you by " followed by the name of a person or company other than Weight Watchers , then you are likely on , or about to enter , a website hosted or operated by a person or company other than us . Third Party Sellers may request that you submit certain information to them in order to purchase their products or services or to obtain additional information from them . You do not need to submit this information or purchase any products or services from Third Party Sellers to access our Website . By submitting the requested information , you affirmatively consent to have that information shared with the Third Party Seller . This information is used by the Third Party Seller and may be subject to a different privacy policy . We do not otherwise share or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to Third Party Sellers . Sale of Business . We reserve the right to transfer information to a third party in the event of a sale , merger or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of WeightWatchers.com , Inc. or Weight Watchers International , Inc. provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy . We will notify users of any such transfer through notice on our site and through email . ActiveLink We have collaborated with Philips Electronics North America Corporation ( Philips ) to offer you the ActiveLink experience and the website located at www.getactivelink.com ( the ActiveLink Website ) . The ActiveLink Website shall be considered a Website for purposes of this Privacy Policy , and the terms of this Privacy Policy will apply to the collection , use and treatment by us of your personal information in connection with the ActiveLink Website as set forth herein . In the course of hosting and supporting ActiveLink , Philips may have access to information collected on our Website ( including on the ActiveLink Website ) , including your Personally Identifiable Information and Non Personally Identifiable Information . Access to your Personally Identifiable Information by Philips is limited to the information reasonably necessary in order for Philips to support ActiveLink . Philips has agreed to protect the privacy of your data consistent with the Philips ActiveLink Privacy Policy Our Website contains links to other websites not owned or operated by WeightWatchers.com , Inc. ( for example , if you " click " on a banner advertisement , you will likely be taken off our Website ) , including links to websites operated by franchisees of Weight Watchers International , Inc . We will attempt to make it obvious to you when you leave our Website and enter these websites by opening a new browser or otherwise notifying you that you are leaving our Website . However , please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites . We encourage you to be aware when our Website links to other websites and to read the privacy policies or statements of each and every website . This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by our Website or through our Online Products . We want your information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) to remain as secure as possible . We strive to provide secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers through industry-standard techniques . To help ensure the integrity and privacy of the Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us via the Internet at the time you elect to become a registered user or subscribe to our Online Products , we use Secured Socket Layer ( SSL ) encryption technology in transmitting such Personally Identifiable Information over the Internet to our servers . We secure the Personally Identifiable Information you provide on servers located in controlled , secure environments , protected from unauthorized access , use , or alteration . Only employees who need access to your information to perform a specific task or function are granted access to such information . In addition , all WeightWatchers.com employees must abide by this Privacy Policy and are kept up-to-date on security practices . Any employee who violates this Privacy Policy is subject to disciplinary action , up to and including termination . Notwithstanding the above commitments to protect your information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) from loss , misuse or alteration by third parties , you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet . There is also some risk that others could find a way to thwart our security systems . As a result , while we strive to protect your information , we can not ensure or warrant the security and privacy of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk . Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy , we will only use Personally Identifiable Information for the purposes described above or as otherwise disclosed at the time we request such information from you . You must " opt-in " and give us permission to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any other purpose . If you no longer wish to receive communications from us via postal mail , you may notify us by calling us at ( 800 ) 651-6000 or by contacting our Privacy Coordinator at the address set out below . You may change your preference and " opt-out " of receiving other communications by changing that option in the Communication Preferences feature of our Website , following the directions provided in association with the communication , or by contacting our Privacy Coordinator at the address set out below . Users of our Website are notified when Personally Identifiable Information is being collected by third parties on our Website . We do this so you can make an informed choice as to whether you should disclose information to a third party . In addition , as noted above , you may " opt-out " of certain data tracking practices by our advertising partners . For more information about the data tracking practices of various third-party advertising companies , including their privacy practices and " opt-out " procedures , please go to the website operated by the Network Advertising Initiative You can always contact us in order to ( 1 ) update or correct your Personally Identifiable Information , ( 2 ) change your preferences with respect to communications and other information you receive from us , or ( 3 ) delete the Personally Identifiable Information maintained about you on our systems , by accessing Account Settings or contacting our Privacy Coordinator at the address set out below . Such updates , corrections , changes and deletions will not have an effect on other information that we maintain , or information that we have provided to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy prior to such update , correction , change or deletion . You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to us from our systems . The need to back-up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your Personally Identifiable Information may exist in a non-erasable form that will be difficult or impossible for us to locate . We promise that promptly after receiving your request , all Personally Identifiable Information stored in databases we actively use and other readily searchable media will be updated , corrected , changed or deleted , as appropriate , We will respond to your request within 30 days . If we decide to change this Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on our Website so you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it . If at any point we decide to use Personally Identifiable Information in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Privacy Policy , or otherwise disclosed to you , at the time it was collected , we will notify you by email or otherwise , and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your Personally Identifiable Information in the new manner . We may also make non-significant changes to our Privacy Policy that generally will not affect our use of your Personally Identifiable Information . If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy , you should not use our Website . If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or feel that we are not abiding by the terms of our posted Privacy Policy , please contact our Privacy Coordinator in any of the following ways : Email our Privacy Coordinator at : privacy @ weightwatchers.com Or , write to our Privacy Coordinator at : WeightWatchers.com , Inc. 675 Sixth Avenue , 6th Floor , New York , NY 10010 Attn : Privacy Coordinator Or , fax our Privacy Coordinator at : ( 212 ) 589-2601 Attn : Privacy Coordinator We comply with the EU Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of data from the European Union . More information can be found in our Safe Harbor Privacy Statement BY USING OUR WEBSITE , YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY . IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY , YOU SHOULD NOT USE OUR WEBSITE . YOUR CONTINUED USE OF OUR WEBSITE FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY WILL MEAN THAT YOU ACCEPT THOSE CHANGES . Last modified as of July 29 , 2013 
PLEASE NOTE THAT OUR PRIVACY POLICY has changed effective November 9 , 2010 . If you submitted personally identifiable information to us prior to the above effective date , and desire to opt out of having that previously submitted personally identifiable information from being treated under the new policy , please contact us at privacy @ amilink.com . PRIVACY POLICY ( Effective November 9 , 2010 )  Welcome to www.mensfitness.com Internet news and media websites offered by connection with American Media , Inc. , Weider Publications LLC , and Radar Online LLC ( collectively , the " Website " , " we " , " us " or " our " ) . The singular term " Website " includes all websites listed above and web pages within the Website as well as any equivalent , mirror , replacement , substitute or backup websites and web pages that are associated with the Website . Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy , which includes compliance with California Privacy Rights at http : //www.privacyprotection.ca.gov . We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through our Website . We have adopted this Privacy Policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) to explain what information may be collected on our Website , how we use this information , including our successors , parents , subsidiaries , affiliates , and related companies , and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties . This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through our Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources . This Privacy Policy , together with the Terms of Use posted on our Website , sets forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website . Depending on your activities when visiting our Website , you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions . We generally keep this Privacy Policy posted on our Website and you should review it frequently , as it may change from time to time without notice . Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy . WHEN YOU ACCESS OUR WEBSITE , YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY . IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY , OR TO ANY CHANGES WE MAY SUBSEQUENTLY MAKE , IMMEDIATELY STOP ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE . Our Website typically collects two kinds of information about you : ( a ) information that you provide that personally identifies you ; and ( b ) information that does not personally identify you that we automatically collect when you visit our Website or that you provide us . ( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information : Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you , such as your name , mail address , phone number , etc . As a general policy , we do not automatically collect your personally identifiable information when you visit our Website . In certain circumstances , we may request , allow or otherwise provide you an opportunity to submit your personally identifiable information in connection with a feature , program promotion or some other aspect of our Website . For instance , you may : ( a ) provide your name , address , email address , and phone number when registering with our Website , or in connection with a contest entry ; ( b ) provide certain demographic information about you ( e.g. , age , gender , purchase preference , usage frequency , etc. )  when participating in a survey , poll or joining a club ; or ( c ) post a general comment and/or recommendation on our Website . Certain information may not be personally identifiable when standing alone ( e.g. , your age ) , but may become so when combined with other information ( e.g. , your age and name ) . Whether or not you provide this information is your choice ; however , in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity , realize a benefit we may offer , or gain access to certain content on our Website . ( 2 ) Non-Personal Information : Our definition of non-personal information is any information that does not personally identify you . Non-personal information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified ; that is , information that has been rendered anonymous . We obtain non-personal information about you from information that you provide us , either separately or together with your personally identifiable information . We also automatically collect certain non-personal information from you when you access our Website . This information can include , among other things , IP addresses , the type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Internet Explorer , Firefox , Safari , etc. ) , the third party website from which your visit originated , the operating system you are using ( e.g. , Vista , Windows XP , Mac OS , etc. ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , America Online , NetZero , etc. ) , the search terms you use on our Website , the specific web pages you visit , and the duration of your visits . ( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information : The personally identifiable information you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests , respond to your inquiries , better serve you , or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information . We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons , such as customer service , providing you promotional information for our products or those of our parent company , subsidiaries or other affiliated companies ( " affiliated companies " ) , or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Website . We may share or sell your personally identifiable information with third parties such as our co-promotional partners , list rental/purchasing agencies , and persons or entities with whom we have marketing , business , or other relationships . You may opt-out from receiving future promotional information from us or our affiliated companies , or direct that we not share your information with any affiliated companies , as set forth below . Whether or not you opt-out is your choice ; however , in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity , realize a benefit we may offer , or gain access to certain content on our Website . ( 2 ) Non-Personal Information : We use non-personal information in a variety of ways , including to help analyze site traffic , understand customer needs and trends , carry out targeted promotional activities , and to improve our services . We may use your non-personal information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others . We may share your non-personal information with our affiliated companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others , but remember that aggregate information is anonymous information that does not personally identify you . ( 1 ) IP Addresses : An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet . Web servers ( computers that " serve up " web pages ) automatically identify your computer by its IP address . When visitors request pages from our Website , our servers typically log their IP addresses . We collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration , to report non-personal aggregate information to others , and to track the use of our Website . IP addresses are considered non-personal information and may also be shared as provided above . It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable ; that is , the visitor 's session will be logged , but the visitor remains anonymous to us . However , we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Website rules or to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public . ( 2 ) Cookies , etc. : " Cookies " are small text files from a website that are stored on your hard drive . These text files make using our Website more convenient by , among other things , saving your passwords and preferences for you . Cookies themselves do not typically contain any personally identifiable information . We may analyze the information derived from these cookies and other technological tools we employ ( such as clear gifs/web beacons ) and match this information with data provided by you or another party . We may provide our analysis and certain non-personal information to third parties ( who may in turn use this information to provide advertisements tailored to your interests ) , but this will not involve disclosing any of your personally identifiable information . Please note that advertisers that serve advertisements on our Website and third-party content providers that serve content on our Website may also use their own cookies and other technological tools which are subject to the advertiser 's privacy policies , not this Privacy Policy . If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies , you may be able to direct your internet browser to notify you and seek approval whenever a cookie is being sent to your hard drive . You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive through your internet browser or other programs . Please note , however , that some parts of our Website will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies . ( 3 ) Email Communications : If you send us an email with questions or comments , we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments , and we may save your questions or comments for future reference . For security reasons , we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information , such as passwords , social security numbers , or bank account information , to us by email . However , aside from our reply to such an email , it is not our standard practice to send you email unless you request a particular service or sign up for a feature that involves email communications , it relates to purchases you have made with us ( e.g. , product updates , customer support , etc. ) , we are sending you information about our other products and services , or you consented to being contacted by email for a particular purpose . In certain instances , we may provide you with the option to set your preferences for receiving email communications from us ; that is , agree to some communications but not others . You may " opt out " of receiving future commercial email communications from us by following the instructions at the bottom of most emails we send , or as provided below ; provided , however , we reserve the right to send you transactional emails such as customer service communications . ( 4 ) Transfer of Assets : As we continue to develop our business , we may sell or purchase assets . If another entity acquires us or all ( or substantially all ) of our assets , the personally identifiable information and non-personal information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity , though we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed . Also , if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us , all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties . ( 5 ) Other : Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary , we reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personal information about you if we are required to do so by law , with respect to copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims , or if we believe that such action is necessary to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public . ( 6 ) Your California Privacy Rights : Residents of the State of California , under certain provisions of the California Civil Code , have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed certain personally identifiable information as defined under California law during the preceding year for third party direct marketing purposes . You are limited to one request per calendar year . In your request , please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response . You may request the information in writing at : privacy @ amilink.com , with the subject heading " California Privacy Rights. "  We may offer chat rooms , blogs , message boards , bulletin boards , or similar public forums where you and other users of our Website can communicate . The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information ( including personal information ) in connection with your use of these public forums . We may use personally identifiable and non-personal information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum . Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone , including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy . We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Website . We may provide you with the opportunity to register for special promotions , services , and information delivered via text messaging and other wireless devices such as mobile phones and , in the event we do so , users are required to provide their consent to receive such information , either by registering on the Website or via their wireless device . Such services and promotional opportunities are provided by our third party affiliates . The information requested as part of the online registration process may include your telephone number or a wireless email address , but only if specifically requested , and the carrier 's name . Additional information may be requested for specific promotions . Depending on the promotion , we may also collect an email address or other contact information , and you may also be required to confirm your agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use . If you register for wireless marketing services , you understand and agree that you will be charged by your wireless carrier for all messages sent to you . Standard messaging rates will apply , unless noted otherwise . Under no circumstances will we be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by you or by a person that has access to a your wireless device , telephone number , or email address . You may cancel one or more services via your wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by at the time the message is sent , or by sending a text message that says " UNSUBSCRIBE. "  We will then terminate your registration for the most recent wireless service sent to you . If you unsubscribe , the service ( s ) will be terminated immediately and will cancel your previous opt-in . You understand , acknowledge and agree that we may , in our sole discretion and without liability to any user , terminate its offer of any specific wireless marketing service or all wireless marketing services at any time without advance notice . We may provide notice of terminations or changes in services on this Website . The features , programs , promotions and other aspects of our Website requiring the submission of personally identifiable information are not intended for anyone under 18 years of age . We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 . If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us please contact us at privacy @ amilink.com . A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child 's personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof . We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control . Please be advised , however , that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy , we can not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft , destruction , or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information . In the unfortunate event that your " personally identifiable information " ( as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach ) is compromised , we may notify you by e-mail ( at our sole and absolute discretion ) to the last e-mail address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances ; provided , however , delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation . From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information , and when appropriate , we upgrade our information security systems . Our Website may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain , such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our Website and banner advertisements . We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website . We encourage you to note when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information . You may contact us as at privacy @ amilink.com if : ( a ) you have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy ; ( b ) wish to make corrections to any personally identifiable information you have provided ; ( c ) want to opt-out from receiving future commercial correspondence , including emails , from us or our affiliated companies ; or ( d ) wish to withdraw your consent to sharing your personally identifiable information with others . We will respond to your request and , if applicable and appropriate , make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable . Please note that we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our Website . This Privacy Policy as posted on this Website is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to this Website , and no summary , modification , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Website 
Website Policies Thanks for visiting FDA 's Web site . Privacy Policy Links to Other Sites Third-Party Websites and Applications Website Content Information Quality Linking To or Copying Information On the FDA Website Pop-Up Advertisements Intrusion Detection Contact Information Privacy Policy Our privacy policy outlines the information we receive when you visit our site and how we use this information . We receive two types of information when you visit our site :  Information automatically collected . Information you choose to provide . When you visit any website , the site can automatically collect information about your visit . When you browse through our site , read pages there , or download information , we collect certain information to measure how many visitors come to the different parts of the site so we can make the site more useful . Example : We use browser information to help us design our site so the greatest number of people can view the pages correctly . For every visitor , we collect and temporarily store the following information :  Your computer 's Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , a number automatically assigned to your computer when you go on the Web . The domain from which you access the Internet , such as aol.com , if you use an America Online account to access the internet . The website address from which you came to our site , such as www.hhs.gov if you came by clicking an FDA link on the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ' site . The date and time you arrived at our site and how long you spent there . The name and version of your computer 's operating system and browser , for example Windows 2000/Mozilla Firefox 5 . The pages you visited . We use this information to improve our website and provide a better experience for our visitors . We use tools , Google Analytics and Urchin , to aggregate this information . The information is available only to our Web managers and staff who require this information to perform their duties . It is retained only for as long as needed for analysis purposes . Web Measurement and Customization The Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies allows Federal agencies to use Web measurement and customization technologies such as session and persistent cookies . We use cookies to improve website functions for visitors and to better understand how the public is using our website . " Session Cookies "  Some services on our website use " session cookies. "  These are :  Small bits of text temporarily stored in your computer . Used to aid searching and navigating the site . Deleted when you close your browser . As defined by OMB , our use of session cookies is " Usage Tier 1Single Session. "  Tier 1 uses encompass any use of single session Web measurement and customization technologies. "  Data collected through our session cookies will be retained only for as long as needed to use for the measurement purposes . " Persistent Cookies "  Some services on our website use multi-session cookies , also known as persistent cookies . Persistent cookies are :  Small bits of text temporarily stored in your computer . Placed on your computer for more than a single session . Used to differentiate between new and returning site visitors , to customize our website for frequent visitors , and to assess site design and content . Persistent cookies placed on your computer will expire two years after your last visit to our website . Data collected through persistent cookies will be retained by the specific FDA office associated with the website using the cookie . OMB defines our use of persistent cookies as " Usage Tier 2Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) . "  This applies to any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected. "  Use and Sharing of Cookie Data We do not use session cookies or persistent cookies to collect PII and we do not share any data collected from cookies . How to Opt-Out or Disable Cookies Both session and persistent cookies pertaining to our website are enabled by default because of their integration with our website . If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer , you can disable them using your Web browser . If you opt out of cookies , you will still have access to all information and resources at FDA.gov . Instructions for disabling or opting out of cookies in the most popular browsers are located at http : //www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml . Note : If you disable cookies in your browser , it may cause problems with searching and displaying information . We collect and store no other information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide it . For example : If you send us an email or submit an online form , we do not automatically receive your email address . However , you will need to provide it to us if you would like an email response . We will receive no other personally identifying information from your email unless you provide it . If you submit a form on our website , we will receive only the personal information you include in the form . Children 's Privacy : We collect no information from children under 13 . If a child sends us an email inquiry or comment , we will answer it , and then delete the email from our files . PII you choose to provide is protected by security controls in accordance with the HHS Information Security and Privacy Policy , and , National Institutes of Standards and Technology and Office of Management and Budget guidance . Note : Email is not necessarily secure against interception . If your communication is sensitive , or if it includes personal information such as your social security number , you can send it by postal mail instead . To learn about information FDA collects under the Privacy Act of 1974 visit http : //www.fda.gov/RegulatoryInformation/FOI/PrivacyAct/default.htm . Summary Privacy Impact Assessments for FDA data systems are available at http : //www.hhs.gov/pia/ . For a broader discussion of your rights under the Freedom of Information Act and the Privacy Act , visit http : //publications.usa.gov/epublications/foia/foia.htm . FDA will not disclose , give , sell , or transfer any personally identifiable information ( PII ) about our visitors unless it is required : By law or regulation . For law enforcement reasons . Other possible uses of your information : We may use PII to respond to you , in which case various people may need to see the information you provide in order to provide a response to you . If enough questions or comments come in that are the same , your question ( but not your name ) may be added to our Questions and Answers section . We use this information to help us improve our site . We may enter information you send into an electronic database to share with attorneys or investigators involved in law enforcement or policy-making . We may share information with other government agencies that have public health or consumer protection duties , in which case FDA or any of those agencies may contact you . In other limited circumstances , including requests from Congress or private individuals , we may be required by law to disclose information you submit . back to top Our website has links to many other federal agencies , and , in a few cases , to private organizations , foreign governments and international organizations . You should be aware that if you access another site through a link we provide , you are subject to the privacy policy of that site . Reference in any referred ( linked ) website to commercial products , services , manufacturers , or companies does not constitute an endorsement by the U.S. government , the Department of Health and Human Services , or FDA . FDA is not responsible for the contents of any pages referred from its website . back to top In addition to FDA 's official website on www.fda.gov , FDA uses social media and third-party ( non-FDA ) websites to share information and to engage with the public . For example , there may be third-party applications and/or services linked to or embedded on www.fda.gov to improve its functionality . Likewise , applications created by FDA may be embedded on third-party websites as a way to increase public awareness of FDA activities . Our integration of these products is intended to provide a seamless user experience and to enhance users ' ability to access information and communicate with FDA . Some third-party websites and applications may make personally identifiable information ( PII ) available to the public and/or FDA based on user controlled settings or the privacy policies of the third-party . FDA will not collect , maintain , use , or share any PII that becomes available through FDA 's use of third-party websites or applications . Please be aware that the privacy policy provided on social media and third-party websites that are not a part of the fda.gov domain may not be the same as the privacy policy described here . PII or other information you share through social media , or a third-party website or application may be accessible by non-government third parties . As described in these website policies , you can communicate directly with FDA without involving a third-party . FDA conducts and publishes a Privacy Impact Assessment ( PIA ) for each use of a third-party website . Each use of a third-party website may have unique functionality or practices . To learn more , review the published PIAs at http : //www.hhs.gov/pia/ . back to top The health and medical information on our website is not intended to take the place of advice or treatment from healthcare professionals . It is also not intended to substitute for the users ' relationships with their own health care/pharmaceutical providers . The Code of Federal Regulations is the authoritative source for FDA regulations . back to top FDA is dedicated to : Ensuring that all information it publishes reflects a level of quality corresponding to the nature and timeliness of the information . Disseminating all its data as broadly and promptly as possible so that the public can benefit from FDA 's mission to promote and protect the public health . Note : In keeping with this commitment and in accordance with Public Law 106-554 and Office of Management and Budget requirements , HHS and FDA have developed information quality guidelines establishing quality assurance policies , standards , and processes . The HHS guidelines are available at http : //www.hhs.gov/infoquality/ . back to top Unless otherwise noted , the contents of the FDA website ( www.fda.gov ) both text and graphicsare not copyrighted . They are in the public domain and may be republished , reprinted and otherwise used freely by anyone without the need to obtain permission from FDA . Credit to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration as the source is appreciated but not required . People are also free to link to any URL on FDA 's site . FDA 's preference is that people link to the material on the FDA site ( rather than copying it to their personal websites ) because the agency continuously updates the information on the website as better information becomes available . A person copying documents to another website , instead of linking to them , would then have to monitor the original documents to know when these documents were updated by FDA or else risk giving bad or incorrect advice to visitors to their website . Providing consumers or health professionals with advice that is not fully up to date can lead to serious public health consequences . Providing industry advice that is not fully up to date can lead to companies being out of compliance with regulatory requirements . If a person , nonetheless , decides to copy content or images , FDA strongly recommends that the copied item lists the date that the material was copied and provides a link back to its source on the FDA website . Users can then see for themselves if the copied material has been updated or changed . FDA appreciates being informed about the use of website materials . Contact FDA , HFI-50 , Rockville , MD 20857 or email webmail @ oc.fda.gov . back to top When visiting our Web site , your Web browser may produce pop-up advertisements . These advertisements were most likely produced by other Web sites you visited or by third-party software installed on your computer . FDA does n't produce pop-up ads and does n't endorse or recommend products or services for which you may view a pop-up ad on your computer screen while visiting our site . back to top This site is maintained by the U.S. government and protected by various provisions of Title 18 of the U.S. Code . Violations of Title 18 are subject to criminal prosecution in federal court . For site security purposes and to ensure that the site remains available to all users , we employ software programs that monitor traffic and identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage . In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations , and pursuant to any required legal process , information from these sources may be used to help identify an individual . back to top If you have any questions or comments about the FDA website , you can contact us by : Calling 1-888-INFO-FDA ( 1-888-463-6332 ) Sending a fax to 301-847-8622 Writing to : FDA , 10903 New Hampshire Avenue ( HFI-50 ) , Silver Spring , MD 20993 Using our on-line comment form . back to top Page Last Updated : 11/11/2013 
December 17 , 2012 Protecting Your Privacy and Servicing Your Needs Rodale and its subsidiaries , ( together " Rodale " ) the world 's leading healthy lifestyle company , publishes some of the best-known health and wellness lifestyle magazines , including Prevention , Men 's Health , Women 's Health , Runner 's World , Running Times , Bicycling , and Organic Gardening , and is one of the largest independent book publishers in the United States . Rodale brings you the ideas , insights , and information that inspire and enable people to improve their lives and the world around them . We 're a family-run business that values integrity , and we 're deeply committed to protecting your privacy and the security of the information you share with us . We believe you have the right to know everything regarding the information we collect about you , how this information benefits you , and how you can say " no " to the use of any of this information . This privacy policy applies to all information gathering activities of Rodale , on and offline . The policy describes how we handle information provided to us or collected on Internet sites where this privacy policy is posted . It also explains how we handle information provided to us or collected on applications we make available on or through third-party sites or platforms , if it is disclosed to you in connection with your use , purchase or download of the application . TABLE OF CONTENTS Children Under 13 Information Collection How We Use Your Information Your California Privacy Rights Updating Your Information Opting-out of Email Transfers for Legal Purposes Mobile Devices Cookies and Web Beacons Third-Party Advertising Links Policy Changes Data Security Contact Us We care about the safety of children . We wo n't knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personal identifying information . Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves ( such as , their names , e-mail addresses , and phone numbers ) over the Internet to us or to anyone else . We encourage you to become involved in your children 's online experience and to share your interest in our sites with your young ones . Rodale collects personal identifying information ( " PII " ) from you when you visit our website ( s ) , through e-mail , and through the use of our mobile applications . We also collect PII during transactions , sponsored events and contests/sweepstakes . PII includes your name , postal address , e-mail address , telephone and cell phone numbers , wireless service provider , and all other information that identifies you . We may collect information about your interaction with Rodale sites , applications and services . For example , we may use website analytics tools on our site to retrieve information from your browser , including the site you came from , the search engine ( s ) and the keywords you used to find our site , the pages you view within our site , your browser add-ons , and your browser 's width and height . We may also use technologies , such as cookies and web beacons ( described below ) , to collect information about the pages you view , the links you click and other actions you take on our sites and services . Additionally , we may collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit , such as your IP address , browser type and language , access times and referring website addresses . When you receive newsletters or promotional e-mail from Rodale , we may use web beacons ( described below ) , customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the e-mail has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you more focused e-mail communications or other information . In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with Rodale , information collected through one Rodale site , application or service may be combined with information obtained through other Rodale sites , applications or services . We may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other companies . The information we collect allows us to customize the content and/or layout of our sites and applications for you and each other visitor . Plus , it enables us to notify you about updates to our websites and applications , contact you with special offers of interest , and customize your experience . In addition , Rodale may make certain PII and other information available to trusted third parties that work with us to provide products and services to our customers , that help us with marketing campaigns , or that intend to market products and services to you directly . These companies are obligated to protect the information they receive . As described above , from time to time , we make your PII available to third parties . If you do not want us to share your PII with other companies or organizations , you may opt-out of this information sharing by doing any one of the following : 1 ) accessing the form at http : //www.rodale.com/cs/customer_contact_form.php ; 2 ) calling us at 866-387-0509 ; or writing to us at Privacy Request , Rodale Inc. , 400 South Tenth Street , Emmaus , PA 18098 . This notice is designed to comply with California 's " Shine the Light " law , but the opt-out option is available to all of our users . Upon request , we will update your personal account information ( e.g. , customer number ) , access your account status ( outstanding balance ) , and update your contact information ( i.e. , name , address , phone number ) . For more information or to update an account , please visit http : //www.rodaleinc.com/customer-service . If you prefer , you may write to us at Privacy Request , Rodale Inc. , 400 South Tenth Street , Emmaus , PA 18098 . If you do not want to receive commercial/promotional e-mail or online newsletters that you have subscribed to , please let us know by updating your email preferences at preferences.rodale.com , by utilizing the unsubscribe option available on commercial e-mail communications , by calling us at 866-387-0509 , or by writing to us at Privacy Request , Rodale Inc. , 400 South Tenth Street , Emmaus , PA 18098 . Rodale may need to disclose certain information to comply with a legal requirement , such as a law , regulation , court order , subpoena , or search warrant , in the course of a legal proceeding or in response to a law enforcement agency request . If there is a change of control in Rodale 's business ( whether by merger , sale , or otherwise ) or a sale or transfer of its assets , your information could be sold or transferred as part of that transaction and your PII and other information potentially used by the Purchaser or other recipient of said information . From time to time , Rodale may make mobile device application and mobile marketing campaigns available to you and may allow you to register for services that involve messages and/or e-mails being sent to your mobile device . You are responsible for obtaining access to the mobile device services and that access may involve third-party fees , including mobile carrier , text messaging , or airtime charges . You are solely responsible for those fees , including any and all fees associated with the use of the applications , delivery of the messages , e-mails or other materials to your mobile device . Please consult your mobile service provider 's pricing plan prior to purchasing or downloading any application or registering for any such service to determine the charges for sending and receiving text messages from/to your mobile device . You will be given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving text messages or emails to your mobile device at the time you register and with each message or email you receive . Mobile marketing campaigns may involve your sending an e-mail from your mobile device to Rodale or a third-party campaign operator . An e-mail or other response will then be sent to your mobile device . Opting to participate in a campaign is 100 % your choice . When you engage in these mobile marketing campaigns , Rodale and the third-party campaign operator may collect your cell phone number , the name of your wireless service provider , images that you send using your cell phone as part of the campaign , and other relevant information . In order to provide better service when you return to our site , Rodale may use Cookies and Web Beacons to store your preferences and information about such things as items added to your shopping cart , purchases you have made with us , what pages you visit , and past activity at a site . Rodale may also employ Web Beacons from third parties in order to help us compile aggregated statistics regarding the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations of our sites . " Cookies " are tiny pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive . Cookies are also used to ensure that you are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads and to customize webpage content based on your browser type ( Netscape or Microsoft Explorer , for example ) . Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies . Web Beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs or clear gifs - are used to assist in delivering cookies on our sites and allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services . We may include Web Beacons in promotional e-mail messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon . If you want to disable cookies , there is a simple procedure in most Internet browsers that allows you to turn off cookies . Please remember , however , that cookies may be required to allow you to use certain features of our sites . We may use third-party advertising , data analytics and online targeting companies to serve ads when you visit our sites or use our applications . We may also provide certain PII and other information to these third-parties to allow them to more effectively target advertising to you . These companies are obligated to protect your information , but you may opt-out of this sharing through the process described here . When advertisements are displayed to you on our sites and applications , one or more persistent cookies may be placed on your computer or device by us or a third party . Some of these third parties may use information ( including PII ) about your visits to this site and other websites and usage of applications in order to provide data and targeting recommendations based on which you may receive advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . To learn more about this practice and the third-party companies we may currently be using , click here . To opt out of this practice , please click here . Rodale sites may , on occasion , contain links to other sites with information gathering practices different from our own . Visitors should consult privacy policies for all other sites , as Rodale has no control over information submitted to or collected by such third parties . Rodale sites sometimes offer contests , sweepstakes , or promotions sponsored or co-sponsored by third parties . These third parties may obtain PII that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the contest , sweepstakes , or promotion . Rodale has no control over the third-party sponsor 's use of this information . The Rodale site will notify you at the time of requesting PII if third-party sponsors will be provided with such information . Rodale may need to change this privacy policy from time to time in order to address new issues , evolving technologies , changes on our sites , or business practices . Rodale will post those changes so you will always know what information we gather and how we might use that information . Please refer back to this policy regularly . To ensure the security of your data - including address information and credit card numbers - Rodale always uses industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site . We have appropriate security measures that protect against the loss , misuse , or alteration of information that we have collected from you . If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy statement or if you feel that this site has not followed its stated information policy , feel free to contact us . Our postal address is 400 South 10th Street , Emmaus , PA 18098 , and we can be reached via e-mail at privacy @ rodale.com or you may use the form located at http : //www.rodale.com/cs/index.html . You can reach customer service by telephone at 866-387-0509 . Additionally , you may contact your state or local consumer protection office , The Direct Marketing Association 's Committee on Ethical Business Practices , the Better Business Bureau , or The Federal Trade Commission by phone at ( 202 ) FTC-HELP ( 202/382-4357 ) and online at www.ftc.gov . Rodale complies with all the stringent standards of ethical conduct set forth by the Direct Marketing Association . Printer-friendly version 
Privacy statement Kaiser Permanente ( KP ) is committed to protecting the privacy of the users of this website and the KP Mobile Applications . We will use and disclose the information you provide us as stated in this Privacy Statement. )  Use and disclosure of health information includes using the information to provide treatment to the individual , to make payments for such treatment , and to conduct ongoing quality improvement activities . Our use and disclosure of an individual 's personal information ( including health information ) is limited as required by state and federal law . We do not sell or rent personal information about visitors to this site or customers who use the site . This website and the KP Mobile Applications have security measures in place to help protect against the loss , misuse , or alteration of information under our control . These measures include encryption of data using the Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) system , and using a secured messaging service when we send you personal information electronically . Despite these measures , the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from us via this site or the KP Mobile Applications by Internet or email can not be guaranteed . At your discretion , you may contact us at the mailing address or telephone number listed in the " Questions , complaints , and contacts " section at the end of this Privacy Statement . We may revise this Privacy Statement from time to time as we add new features or as laws change that may affect our services . If we make material changes to our Privacy Statement , we will post notice of this on our website . Any revised Privacy Statement will apply both to information we already have about you at the time of the change , and any personal information created or received after the change takes effect . We include a version number on this Privacy Statement consisting of the date ( year , month , and day ) it was last revised . We encourage you to periodically reread this Privacy Statement , to see if there have been any changes to our policies that may affect you . Kaiser Permanente routinely gathers data on website and mobile application activity , such as how many people visit the site or mobile applications , the web pages or mobile screens they visit , where they come from , how long they stay , etc . The data is collected on an aggregate , anonymous basis , which means that no personally identifiable information is associated with the data . This data helps us improve our content and overall usage . The information is not shared with other organizations for their independent use . In order to ensure a good user experience , certain data may be temporarily or permanently cached by the Mobile Applications on users ' mobile devices . Any data that is personally identifiable will be encrypted and will not be viewable by anyone without access to the user 's User ID and Password . Except as disclosed in this Privacy Statement , we do not collect any identifiable information about visitors to this site or the KP Mobile Applications . The policies , sources , and uses of information are outlined in Sections 1 through 13 that follow : 1 . Web logs We maintain standard Web logs that record data about all visitors and customers who use this site or the KP Mobile Applications and we store this information for a while . These logs may contain the Internet domain from which you access the site ( such as aol.com , abc.org , etc. ) ; the IP address which is automatically assigned to your computer when you get on the Internet ( a static IP address may be identifiable as being connected to you , while a dynamic address is usually not identifiable ) ; the type of browser and operating system you use ; the date and time you visited ; the pages or mobile screens you viewed ; and the address of the website you linked from , if any . If you sign on to this website or the KP Mobile Application to use secured features , our Web logs will also contain an individual identifier and show the services you have accessed . All Web logs are stored securely , and may only be accessed by Kaiser Permanente employees or designees on a need-to-know basis for a specific purpose . Kaiser Permanente uses Web log information to help us design our site and the KP Mobile Applications , to identify popular features , to resolve user , hardware , and software problems , and to make the site and the KP Mobile Applications more useful to visitors . 2 . Internet cookies We may place Internet " cookies " on the computer hard drives of visitors to this Kaiser Permanente website or the KP Mobile Applications . Information we obtain from cookies helps us to tailor our site and the KP Mobile Applications to be more helpful and efficient for our visitors . The cookie consists of a unique identifier that does not contain information about you or your health history . We use two types of cookies , " session " cookies and " persistent " cookies . A session cookie is temporary , and expires after you end a session and close your web browser or the KP Mobile Application browser . We use session cookies to help customize your experience on our site , maintain your signed-on status as you navigate through our features , and to track your " click path " through our Web pages or mobile screens . Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive after you 've exited from our website , and we use them for several reasons . For instance , when you give us permission to " remember " a feature about you when asked by the website , such as your Kaiser Permanente region , we place a persistent cookie on your hard drive so that the next time you visit us , we wo n't have to ask you that information again . If you 've given us permission to email you with information about your Kaiser Permanente benefits , or for other reasons , we may place a persistent cookie on your hard drive that will let us know when you come back to visit our site . We sometimes use this type of persistent cookie with a " Web beacon " ( see below ) . Persistent cookies will not contain any personal information about you such as a Kaiser Permanente Health/Medical Record number . You may have software on your computer that will allow you to decline or deactivate Internet cookies , but if you do so , some features of this site or the KP Mobile Applications may not work properly for you . For instructions on how to remove cookies from your hard drive , go to your browser 's website for detailed instructions . In addition , further information regarding cookies may be available on other websites or from your Internet service provider . Safari , Chrome , Firefox , Internet Explorer and iOS browsers are commonly used browsers . 3 . Web beacons We may also occasionally use " Web beacons " ( also known as " clear gifs , " " Web bugs , " " 1-pixel gifs , " etc. )  that allow us to collect non-personal information about your response to our email communications , and for other purposes . Web beacons are tiny images , placed on a Web page or email , that can tell us if you 've gone to a particular area on our website . For example , if you 've given us permission to send you emails , we may send you an email urging you to use a certain feature on our website . If you do respond to that email and use that feature , the Web beacon will tell us that our email communication with you has been successful . We do not collect any personal health information with a Web beacon , and do not link Web beacons with any other personal health information you 've given us . Since Web beacons are used in conjunction with persistent cookies ( described above ) , if you set your browser to decline or deactivate cookies , Web beacons can not function . 4 . Emails Kaiser Permanente uses a third-party vendor to help us manage some of our email communications with you . While we do supply this vendor with email addresses of those we wish them to contact , your email address is never used for any purpose other than to communicate with you on our behalf . When you click on a link in an email , you may temporarily be redirected through one of the vendor 's servers ( although this process will be invisible to you ) which will register that you 've clicked on that link , and have visited our website or KP Mobile Application . Kaiser Permanente never shares any information , other than your email address , with our third-party email vendor , which does not share these email addresses with anyone else . Even if you have given us permission to send emails to you , you may revoke that permission at any time by following the " unsubscribe " information at the bottom of the email . 5 . Evaluation and research We will periodically ask users to complete surveys asking about their experiences with features of the website or the KP Mobile Applications . Our surveys ask visitors for demographic information such as age , gender , and education , but will not request that users provide specific information about any medical condition . We use survey information for research and quality improvement purposes , including helping Kaiser Permanente to improve information and services offered through the website and the KP Mobile Applications . In addition , users giving feedback may be individually contacted for follow-up due to concerns raised during the course of such evaluation . Demographic information and Web log data may be stored for future research and evaluation . 6 . Application for Kaiser Permanente membership If you apply for Kaiser Permanente membership through this website or a KP Mobile Application , you will be asked during the application process to disclose certain personal information so that we can evaluate your eligibility . Specifically , you will be asked to provide demographic information ( name , address , other contact information and age ) , answer questions regarding your medical history and current health status , and verify the truthfulness of your answers . 7 . Messages and transactions Comments or questions sent to us using email or secure messaging forms will be shared with Kaiser Permanente staff and health care professionals who are most able to address your concerns . We will archive your messages once we have made our best effort to provide you with a complete and satisfactory response . Some of our services such as our automated appointment selection and prescription refill services interact directly with other Kaiser Permanente data systems . Data about your transaction may be stored in these systems , and available to people who test and support these systems . When you use a service on the secure section of this website or the KP Mobile Applications to interact directly with Kaiser Permanente health care professionals , some information you provide may be documented in your medical record , and available for use to guide your treatment as a patient . 8 . Credit card transactions If you provide us with your credit card number for pharmacy prescriptions or other payments , we will treat your credit card number in a secure manner . 9 . Data integrity and correction Requests to view and correct personal information from this website or the KP Mobile Applications that is documented in your medical record may be submitted using the contact information in the " Questions , complaints , and contacts " section below . 10 . Children We do not knowingly allow Kaiser Permanente members under the age of 13 to create accounts that allow access to the secured features of this site or the KP Mobile Applications . 11 . Disclosures We may disclose personal information to any person performing audit , legal , operational , or other services for us . We will use information which does not identify the individual for these activities whenever feasible . Information disclosed to vendors or contractors for operational purposes may not be re-disclosed to others by such a vendor or contractor . We may disclose personal information when required to do so by a subpoena , court order , or search warrant . We may disclose personal information as we deem it appropriate to protect the safety of an individual or for an investigation related to public safety or to report an activity that appears to be in violation of law . We may disclose personal information to protect the security and reliability of this site and the KP Mobile Applications , and to take precautions against liability . 12 . Opt out If a user makes a request to receive information in an ongoing manner through this website or a KP Mobile Application by providing their email address ( for example , requesting a subscription to one of our online publications ) , a user may make a request to discontinue future mailings . Similarly , if you receive information about a Kaiser Permanente service through email , you may make a request to discontinue receiving similar messages in the future . All such materials sent to you by email will contain information about how to opt out . Also , if as a member you register to use protected features on our website or the KP Mobile Applications , you may be given an opportunity to receive emails about different types of Kaiser Permanente products , services , announcements , and updates . On our website , you may change your preferences by clicking " my profile " at the top right of each page , then choosing " communication preferences " on the left . 13 . Other requests to limit use and disclosure of your personal information State and federal laws may allow you to request that we limit our uses and disclosures of your personal information for treatment , payment , and health care operations purposes . However , by law , we do not have to agree to your request . It is our policy not to agree to requests for restrictions beyond what is described in the " Opt out " section above . If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement , our policies and practices concerning this site or the KP Mobile Applications , your rights under this statement , and your dealings with the Kaiser Permanente website or the KP Mobile Applications , you can contact Kaiser Permanente by telephone at 1-800-556-7677 ( toll free ) , by sending a message to the Kaiser Permanente Web manager , or by U.S. mail at the address below : Kaiser Permanente Internet Services Group 5820 Owens Drive , Building E-2 , Pleasanton , CA 94588 Last revised December 12 . 2012 
Privacy Policy This Website is run by Patient.co.uk . Patient.co.uk is a brand name of Egton Medical Information Systems Limited , a company registered in England with company number 2117205 with registered offices at Rawdon House , Green Lane , Yeadon , Leeds , LS19 7BY . Patient.co.uk operates by the following principles : We do our best to protect your personal details and other information about your account . We are constantly reviewing our processes and procedures to protect your personal information from unauthorised access and use , accidental loss and/or destruction . We will respect your privacy . You should receive marketing emails only from Patient.co.uk . It will be made clear to you where you have these choices , for example , tick boxes will let you decide whether you wish to receive marketing or newsletters . We may , however , email you occasionally with information or queries about your registration , your subscription account , your Website activity or postings , for example , with reminders , confirmations , warnings or copyright requests . Sometimes we use other organisations to process your personal information on our behalf . Such processing shall comply with appropriate security measures . We may also independently audit these service providers to ensure that they meet our standards . We may use service providers to help us run the Website or services available on the Website , some of whom may be based outside the EEA . We explicitly ask when we need information that personally identifies you ( " Personal Information " ) . For example , when you register with the Patient.co.uk discussion forums you are asked for an e-mail address , password and nickname . We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site . This can include using a " cookie " which would be stored on your browser . You can modify your browser to prevent this happening . The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings . For more information on cookies and to learn how to change your settings , read our cookie policy . If at any time you believe that Patient.co.uk has not adhered to these principles , please notify us by e-mail to the webmaster , and we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to determine and correct the problem promptly . 
Last Revised : January 2 , 2014 To jump to our Privacy Policy , click here To opt-out of Third Party Tracking Technologies , click here To be removed from Cond Nast promotional mailing lists , click here If you have a complaint about another user , click here Kids and parents click here I.Introduction II.Monitoring and Complaints Against Other Users III.Registration and Account/Profile Creation IV.Sensitive Information Disclaimer V.Rules of Usage VI.Privacy Policy The following Privacy Policy summarizes the various ways we treat personally identifiable and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device when you access , visit and/or use the Service . This Privacy Policy does not cover information collected elsewhere , including without limitation offline and on sites , applications , destinations , or services linked to from the Service . The Service generally collects personally identifiable information with your specific knowledge and consent . For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , make a purchase , subscribe to our publication ( s ) , register for certain services , or register and/or set up an account/profile to access , visit and/or use certain portions of the Service , or the Service as a whole , you may be provided , or required to choose , a password and/or User ID , and you may provide a credit , debit , or charge card number , or other payment information , as well as your name , telephone number ( s ) , email and/or street address , and other personally identifiable information . Other information such as your age , gender , an avatar , and the number for your mobile or other device may also be requested . In addition , you may be asked to send us similar information via messaging ( e.g. , email , SMS , MMS , or other technologies ) . All such information shall be referred to in this Privacy Policy as your Registration Information . Our servers may also automatically collect information about you , your online behavior and your computer , mobile or other device . The information collected may include , without limitation , the make , model , settings , specifications ( e.g. , CPU speed , connection speed , browser type , operating system , device identifier ) and geographic location of you and/or your computer , mobile or other device , as well as date/time stamp , IP address , pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed , the site ( s ) , application ( s ) , destination ( s ) , and/or service ( s ) you arrived from , and other clickstream data . If you choose to access , visit and/or use any third party social networking service ( s ) that may be integrated with the Service , we may receive personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device that you have made available to those services , including information about your contacts on those services . For example , some social networking services allow you to push content from our Service to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on or through our Service . Some social networking services also will facilitate your registration for our Service or enhance or personalize your experience on our Service . Your decision to use a social networking service in connection with our Service is voluntary . However , you should make sure you are comfortable with the information your third party social networking services may make available to our Service by visiting those services ' privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services . We reserve the right to use , transfer , assign , sell , share , and provide access to all personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device that we receive through third-party social networking services in the same ways described in this Agreement as all of your other information . We use personally identifiable information you supply through the Service to provide you with the merchandise , product , service , and/or Content you have requested . For example , if you subscribe to any of our publications , we may use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the publication . Similarly , if you enter an online sweepstakes , we will use this information to notify you if you are a winner . We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features , products or services , and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs . Unless otherwise specified on the Service , we may sell or share information about you and your computer , mobile or other device , including without limitation your Registration Information and other personally identifiable information , with our parent , subsidiaries , and affiliates and with carefully selected companies who we think may offer services and/or products that may be of interest to you . If you do not wish to have your personally identifiable information shared with third parties , contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described at the end of this document . If you do not wish to receive future commercial messages from us , simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the message you receive . ( But note that you may continue to receive certain communications from us , such as transactional or relationship messages , and/or messages about your account/profile ) . If you 've registered on any part of the Service , please use the mechanism or contact information on the Service that allows you to change or update your member preferences or information , if available , to keep all such data accurate and up-to-date . If no such mechanism or contact information is available on the Service , contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below with your changes . We may also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services , such as technical maintenance , market research , community and forums management , auction services , and shopping , personal/job search and other classified ads functionality , but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services . And if you choose to purchase merchandise , products and/or services , including without limitation Content , on or through features on the Service , we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card or other payment processing , order fulfillment , credit pre-authorization , and address verification . There are also times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the Service that may be managed or participated in by third parties . In such cases , the information may be used by us and by such third party ( ies ) , each pursuant to its own policies . We may also provide your information to our advertisers , so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests . While we may seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided , we do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties . We reserve the right to access , use , and share with others your personally identifiable information for purposes of health , safety and other matters in the public interest . We may also provide access to our database in order to cooperate with official investigations or legal proceedings initiated by governmental and/or law enforcement officials , as well as private parties , including , for example , in response to subpoenas , search warrants , court orders , or other legal process . In addition , we reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer , mobile or other device ( including its geographic location ) , which may at times be able to identify you , for any lawful business purpose , including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers , to gather broad demographic information , analyze trends , track users ' movements around the Service , and to otherwise administer the Service . Geographic location information about you and/or your computer , mobile or other device may specifically be used to show you content and sponsored messaging based on geographic location . We reserve the right to use , transfer , sell , and share aggregated , anonymous data about our users as a group for any lawful business purpose , such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers , sponsors , clients and customers . In addition , as our business changes , we may buy or sell various assets . In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by us , our parent or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are sold , assigned , transferred or acquired by another company , the information from and/or about our Service users may be among the transferred assets . We reserve the right to identify you from your Registration Information and/or to merge or co-mingle anonymous or non-personally identifiable data about you , your offline and online behavior , and/or your computer , mobile or other device ( including its geographic location ) , with your Registration Information and/or other personally identifiable data for any lawful business purpose . The Service will at times place and/or store code or other types of information and/or devices ( e.g. , " cookies " ) on your computer , mobile or other device ( " Local Device Storage " ) . We may use Local Device Storage for any lawful business purpose , including without limitation to determine which of our messages have been opened by recipients so we can gauge the effectiveness of marketing campaigns , to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns , the movements of individual users , and your geographic location , to help diagnose problems with our servers , to gather broad demographic information , to analyze trends , to conduct research , to deliver editorial content , to record registration and personalization information , and to otherwise administer the Service . For example , if you register on any part of the Service and are given the option to save your user name and password , we may provide this convenience to you via Local Device Storage . Local Device Storage may also collect and store your personally identifiable information , which may be shared with our parent , subsidiaries , and affiliates and other companies . If you do not want Local Device Storage , your computer , mobile or other device may include an option that allows you to not accept it . However , if you disable Local Device Storage , some portions of the Service may not function properly . In addition to Local Device Storage , we may use web beacons , web bugs , clear gifs , and similar technologies ( collectively , together with Local Device Storage , the " Tracking Technologies " ) . We use Tracking Technologies for all or some of the same lawful business purposes we describe above for use of Local Device Storage . As discussed below , you may opt out of third party tracking on the Service at any time . However , we do not currently support any browser based Do Not Track ( DNT ) settings or participate in any DNT frameworks , and we do not assign any meaning to any potential DNT track signals you may send or alter any of our data collection or use practices in response to such signals . Our advertising service vendors and other third parties will at times also use Tracking Technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this Service and other sites , applications , destinations , and services you have visited , and to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements , and for other lawful business purposes . In doing so , these third parties will collect non-personally identifiable data including for example the make , model , settings , specifications ( e.g. , CPU speed , connection speed , browser type , operating system , device identifier ) and geographic location of your computer , mobile or other device , as well as date/time stamp , IP address , pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed , the site ( s ) , application ( s ) , destination ( s ) , and/or service ( s ) you arrived from , and other clickstream data . The use of Tracking Technologies by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies , not this Privacy Policy , and we have no responsibility or liability in connection therewith . If you do not want the services that Tracking Technologies provide , you may be able to opt-out by visiting http : //www.aboutads.info . Your information may be transferred to , and maintained on , servers and databases located outside of your state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction . Please be advised that we may transfer your information to and from any state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction , and process it in the United States or elsewhere . Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to any such transfer . Because no data transmission is completely secure , and no system of physical or electronic security is impenetrable , we can not guarantee the security of the information you send to us or the security of our servers , networks or databases , and by using the Service you agree to assume all risk in connection with the information sent to us or collected by us when you access , visit and/or use the Service , including without limitation your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , and we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof . Moreover , if you elect to store information , such as your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , where others may access it , we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof . If you lose a computer , mobile or other device , or it is stolen , that contains your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , it is up to you to take all the steps necessary to protect yourself . In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your information in our possession or control may have been compromised , we may seek to notify you . If notification is appropriate , we may notify you via your computer , mobile or other device . This Service is not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 . No one under age 13 is allowed to register for the Service or provide any personally identifiable information or use our social , community and public discussion areas , photo and video galleries , bulletin boards , forums , chats , blogs , personal/job search and other classified ads , and elsewhere . Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 , inclusive , must get the permission of their parent ( s ) or legal guardian ( s ) before making purchases , including subscriptions , on this Service . If your children disclose information about themselves in publicly accessible areas of the Service , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties . Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so . If you 're worried about your children 's activities or their privacy on the Service , we encourage you to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below . California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the business ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing . We have such a policy in place . As discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes or to find out more about your opt-out rights , please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below . If you have any concerns or questions about any aspect of this policy , please feel free to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as follows : Privacy Policy Coordinator Cond Nast 1313 Market Street Wilmington , DE 19801 Privacy_administration @ condenast.com As discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) and 8 , you may opt-out of having your personally identifiable information shared with third parties for their marketing purposes . If you wish to exercise this right , please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator and state that you want to opt-out of our sharing with third parties . Also as discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) , if you wish to request updates or changes to your information or your preferences regarding receiving future promotional messages from us , you may contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator . Addtionally , you may click here to be removed from our promotional mailing lists . If you opt-out of promotional mailings from Conde Nast , you may continue to receive certain communications from us , such as transactional or relationship messages , and/or messages about your account/profile . If you do n't agree to the terms contained in this User Agreement and Privacy Policy , you must immediately exit the Service . 
RxList Privacy Policy Summary WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users . We understand that your privacy matters and we respect your privacy choices . This summary of our privacy policy is intended to give you an overview of :  What information we collect about you What choices you have about your information How we use your information How and with whom we may share the information we have about you How we protect your information How to contact us with questions or concerns We urge you to take the time to read our entire Privacy Policy for complete detail about our privacy practices and your information . Information Collected About You We may collect " Personal Information " about you such as your name , address , telephone number , email address or health information in the following ways :  When you register for or update an existing profile on our web sites or Apps or register for the WebMD Health Manager ; When you use certain interactive tools and services ( e.g. , the Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar or Symptom Checker ) ; When you sign-up for newsletters or other communications from WebMD ; When you use our " Email a Friend " service ; When you participate in an online survey ; or When you provide personal information in a community area or other public forum . We may collect " Non-Personal Information " information that can not be used to identify you via Cookies , Web Beacons , WebMD mobile device applications and from external sources , even if you have not registered with or provided any Personal Information to WebMD . If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information . You may correct , update or review Personal Information you have submitted through registration , tools and applications by signing in and updating your registration information . If you have registered and no longer want WebMD to use your Personal Information , you should delete your information as described in this Policy . Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies , and you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site . You can click on the Ad Choices logo at the bottom of every page of the WebMD web sites to stop tailored advertising from WebMD . Read more about " What Choices Do I Have ? " , " Cookies " and " TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices "  How Information Collected About You Is Used We may use information we collect about you to :  Administer your account ; Provide you with access to particular tools and services ; Respond to your inquiries and send you administrative communications ; Obtain your feedback on our sites and our offerings ; Statistically analyze user behavior and activity ; Provide you with more relevant content and advertisements ; Conduct research and measurement activities ; or Send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities . We may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources . Third parties may also use Non-Personal Information in order to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community . With Whom Do We Share Your Information ? WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information about you unless specifically agreed to by you or : To comply with legal requirements , such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena , or court order ; To our vendors and suppliers in the course of their provision of products or services to WebMD ; In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a merger , a sale of assets , or bankruptcy ; or In special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others . WebMD does not make your Personal Information available to third parties for their marketing purposes . We have put in place technical , physical , and administrative safeguards to protect the Personal Information that we collect . Read more about How Do We Secure Your Information ? Please send us an email using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you . You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :  WebMD , LLC Attn : Office of Privacy 1201 Peachtree Street , NE 400 Colony Square , Suite 2100 Atlanta , GA 30361 Phone : 866-788-3097 WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users . This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of WebMD and its services . It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information . We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully . This Privacy Policy applies to Web sites owned and operated by WebMD that are intended for use by consumers ( non-professionals ) for non-commercial personal , family or household purposes , including WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , RxList.com , and eMedicineHealth.com and including the mobile optimized versions of these sites ( we refer to these sites collectively as the " WebMD Web Sites " ) . This Privacy Policy also applies to the consumer-facing version of the WebMD Health Manager Product . However , if you are an employee or health plan member who has enabled access to your health record at WebMD.com by registering at your employer 's or health plan 's website , the privacy policy applicable to your information at your employer 's or health plan 's website remains applicable to your personal health record at WebMD.com . If your employer or health plan account is no longer made available to you by your employer or health plan , you will continue to have access to your health information from WebMD.com , using the same username and password , but will be subject to this Privacy Policy . Except where noted , statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the WebMD Web Sites also apply to the WebMD Mobile Device Application ( or " App " ) including the WebMD Baby Mobile Device App for the iPhone , the iPad and mobile devices operating with the Android operating system . References to " WebMD " mean WebMD LLC , including any company that WebMD , LLC controls ( for example , a subsidiary that WebMD , LLC owns ) . WebMD may share information among its subsidiaries or web sites that it owns or controls , but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy . Personal Information If you choose to register or update an existing member profile with WebMD or access certain functionality on the WebMD Web Sites , you may be required to submit Personal Information . " Personal Information " means information that we can use to identify or contact you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address . Some of our interactive tools and services may request you to submit health information , which would also be considered Personal Information . You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Information that you submit to WebMD . Inaccurate information will affect your experience when using the WebMD Web Sites and tools and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy . Registration Access to some WebMD interactive tools and services may be limited to users who have registered . Some of our tools ( such as certain quizzes or calculators ) do not retain your Personal Information , while others ( such as Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar ) store your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the authorization you provide at the time you submit Personal Information in order to use the tool . WebMD Health Manager , which allows you a secure place to gather , store , manage and share your Personal Information and provides tools and services to better manage your health and the health of your family , requires additional registration . WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages . However , WebMD does not allow any third parties to place beacons or cookies or to gather any data about you in connection with your use of the WebMD Health Manager . Furthermore , WebMD does not use any information that you submit in connection with that tool to deliver any advertisements to you on or off of the WebMD Web Sites . If you download the WebMD Magazine App from the Apple App Store News Stand and agree to provide your information to WebMD , your information will be treated like that of a registered user under this Privacy Policy . Newsletters & Emails to You At registration and at various times as you use the WebMD Web Sites , you will be given the option of providing us with Personal Information in order to receive recurring informational/promotional newsletters such as a newsletter relating to a specific health condition via email from WebMD and/or directly from third parties . From time to time WebMD makes subscriptions to our newsletters available on third party websites . If you sign up for one of our newsletters on a third party site the site will provide us with your Personal Information such as your email address and we may use that information as described in this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it directly to WebMD . In the WebMD Health Community , you can also click the " Watch This Discussion " link in any Health Community posting , and WebMD will send you an email summary of each day 's postings in that Community . When you sign up for our email newsletters on the WebMD Web Sites or at any time , you can choose to opt out of receiving additional promotional newsletters from WebMD or our Sponsors . You can unsubscribe from a newsletter by :  Following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter . Logging in to the WebMD Web Sites and unchecking the newsletters you no longer wish to receive under the " My Profile " section . Email a Friend If you use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about a feature on the WebMD Web Sites or a newsletter , we will ask you for your name , your email address and your friend 's email address . We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the " from " email address . WebMD does not use your friend 's email information for any other purpose . We will only use the information you provide to send the requested email to your friend . Market Research From time to time , WebMD may conduct online research surveys through email invitations , pop-up surveys and online focus groups . When participating in a survey , we may ask you to enter Personal Information . The Personal Information you submit in a survey may be used by WebMD for research and measurement purposes , as described below , including to measure the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs . When our market research surveys collect Personal Information we will not knowingly accept participants who are under the age of 13 . Market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of WebMD will contain a link to this Privacy Policy . Community , Health Communities , Blogs and Other Public Forums WebMD features several community areas and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer . We also offer online discussions moderated by healthcare experts . Our communities are open to the public and should not be considered private . Any information ( including Personal Information ) you share in any online community area including a chat room , Health Community , Ask Our Expert posting or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not private . You should think carefully before posting any Personal Information in any public forum . What you post can be seen , disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we can not control or predict , including to contact you for unauthorized purposes . As with any public forum on any site , the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines . If you mistakenly post Personal Information in our Community areas and would like it removed , you can send us an email to request that we remove it by using the Contact Us link on every page of the WebMD Web Sites . In some cases , we may not be able to remove your Personal Information . Emails You Send to WebMD This Privacy Policy does not apply to information , content , business information , ideas , concepts or inventions that you send to WebMD by email . If you want to keep content or business information , ideas , concepts or inventions private or proprietary , do not send them in an email to WebMD . Non-Personal Information Even if you do not register with or provide any Personal Information to WebMD , we collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites . " Non-Personal Information " means information that we can not use to identify or contact you . We may also acquire Non-Personal Information about our users from external sources . While you may use some of the functionality of WebMD without registration , many of the specific tools and services on the WebMD Web Sites require that you register with WebMD . Cookies and Web Beacons We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites and your use of other web sites through the use of Cookies and Web Beacons . " Cookies " are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the computer you use to view a web site . Every computer that accesses the WebMD Web Sites is assigned a different cookie by WebMD . " Web Beacons " are graphic image files imbedded in a web page typically used to monitor activity on a web page and send back to its home server ( which can belong to the host site , a network advertiser or some other third party ) information from your browser , such as the IP address , the URL of the page on which the beacon is located , the type browser that is accessing the site and the ID number of any Cookies on your computer previously placed by that server . Third parties under contract with WebMD may use Cookies or Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your usage of the WebMD Web Sites , including which health topics you have viewed . These third party advertising service providers may use this information , on our behalf , to help WebMD deliver advertising on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on other sites on the Internet based on your browsing activity on our sites . WebMD may further tailor the advertising on these third party sites based on additional Non-Personal Information to the extent known by WebMD or these third parties . Mobile Device Applications ( " Apps " ) and Mobile Optimized Sites When you download and install one of our WebMD Mobile Apps onto your mobile device we assign a random number to your App installation . This number can not be used to identify you personally , and we can not identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of the App . We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of Cookies as described in this Privacy Policy . Unlike Cookies , the random number is assigned to your installation of the App itself and not a browser , because the App does not work through your browser . Therefore the random number can not be removed through settings . If you do not want us to use the random number for the purposes for which we use Cookies , please do not use the Mobile Device Apps . Also , due to technical limitations , our TRUSTed Ads program is not implemented on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an IOS device , on our mobile optimized sites . Because some of the content on our Mobile Device Apps direct your mobile device to our website you will be exposed to the cookies that we use and to third party cookies that may be contained in advertisements that we do not control and will be unable to delete any of these cookies with your mobile device . Therefore , if you do not want to use these cookies when you use your mobile device you should not use our Mobile Device Apps and you should set your mobile device to reject cookies when you use our mobile optimized sites . WebMD 's Sites ( including our mobile sites such as m.webmd.com ) and WebMd 's Apps ask for your consent ( via an opt-in ) before using information from pin-pointing technology like GPS or cell tower information . You can withdraw your consent ( opt-out ) for the use of " location " by WebMD at any time by changing your location services in the " Settings " function on your mobile device . We use location services on our web sites and Apps to provide you content based upon your location , local search results , and local offers . Non-Personal Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on WebMD 's Behalf We work with third parties to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community . Sponsors or advertisers on the WebMD Web Sites may use their own Cookies , Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on the WebMD Web Sites and in emails , special promotions or newsletters we send you . Their advertisements may be displayed on the WebMD Web Sites or on other sites that you visit after you visit the WebMD Web Sites . Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve their ads and to monitor users ' responses to ads , and these companies ( " Ad Servers " ) may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons on the WebMD Web Sites . We do not control how third parties use Cookies or Web Beacons or how they manage the Non-Personal Information they gather through the use of these technologies on the WebMD Web Sites . However , we do require sponsors , advertisers and Ad Servers who collect cookie or web beacon information through the WebMD Web Sites to agree that they will not collect any Personal Information from the WebMD Web Sites without your consent . They have promised us they will not link any Non-Personal Information collected by them on the WebMD Web Sites to Personal Information they or others collect in other ways or from other sites except as may be described in connection with a particular program . Updating/Removing Your Personal Information If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information . You can correct , update or review Personal Information you have previously submitted by going back to the specific tool or application , logging-in and making the desired change . You can also update any Personal Information you have submitted by contacting us using the contact information listed below . If you have registered and desire to delete any of your Personal Information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us using the contact information listed below . Upon your request , we will delete your Personal Information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media . You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to the WebMD Web Sites from our servers . If you decide that you would prefer not to receive personalized email or secure electronic messages from the WebMD Health Manager tool , you may " Opt-out " of the service by clicking on the settings tab on your Health Manager home page and changing your email preference or following the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email . Cookies Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies . Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the " Help " section of the toolbar . If you reject our Cookies , certain of the functions and conveniences of the WebMD Web Sites may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use the WebMD Web Sites . It is important to note that in order to use the opt-out services described below , such as the Network Advertising Initiative and the TRUSTed Ads Program , you must not reject all Cookies because these opt-out procedures work by placing Cookies on your browser that enable these opt-out procedures to function . The " opt-out Cookies " are placed , for example , in order to help prevent the placement of Cookies used for the targeting of advertising . Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of Cookies . In order to do so , you must Opt-out of such data collection with each individual site . Currently , you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site or TRUSTe 's Preference Manager at http : //preferences.truste.com/ . This website will also allow you to review the Ad Server 's privacy policies . You can find additional information and resources about how to opt out of advertising and related Cookies by visiting the World Privacy Forum 's Site . We work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our Sites . Our ad network vendors use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our web sites to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising based upon your browsing activity and your interests . To read about how to opt out of targeted advertising on the WebMD mobile sites see the section of this policy named TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices below . The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals . TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices In order to give you more control over your privacy choices we have implemented the TRUSTed Ads program from TRUSTe . At the bottom of every page of the WebMD Web Sites you will see an Ad Choices logo , ( which looks like this : ) . By clicking on that logo you will be presented with a window ( the " TRUSTe Window " ) that will identify all of the companies that WebMD uses to direct tailored advertisements to you , both on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on third-party sites . If you would like to stop this tailored advertising from WebMD , you can manage these advertisements through the choices in that window . By clicking the + symbol next to the name of a vendor in that window you will get information about how and where that vendor assists us with the delivery of advertisements . The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals . The TRUSTed Ads Program is not available on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an iOS device on our mobile optimized sites . Please see the Section entitled " Mobile Device Applications ( " Apps " ) and Mobile Optimized Sites. "  Important : If your device uses the Apple iOS Operating System , you will not see the Ad Choices icon on our mobile optimized sites ( such as www.m.webmd.com. )  Advertisements are not tailored based on browsing activity or interests for devices that access our mobile optimized web sites using the iOS operating system , including iPhone , iPad , and iPod Touch . Information collected by WebMD about you is used by WebMD to : administer your account , provide you with access to particular tools and services , respond to your inquiries you send to us and to send you administrative communications about the WebMD Web Sites or services , obtain your feedback about the WebMD Web Sites or our offerings , statistically analyze user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the site are visited and how many emails are received and opened , provide you with more relevant content or advertising both on the WebMD Web Sites or on other web sites that you visit after you leave the WebMD Web Sites ; and conduct research and measurement activities , including those described below . WebMD may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources . WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages . During registration or at any time , you have the option of choosing whether or not you wish to receive emails pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities . The WebMD Health Manager email service requires an " opt-in " authorization from you . We also use Cookies in order to enable us to conduct surveys for our own use and on behalf of our advertisers . These Cookies are used to determine whether you have seen certain content or advertising so that we may request your opinions . We may also use Cookies to authenticate respondents or to help you pick up where you left off in a survey . If you have Cookies disabled you may not be able to participate in some surveys . Research and Measurement Activities Information that WebMD collects about you may be combined by WebMD with other information available to WebMD through third parties for research and measurement purposes , including measuring the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs . This information from other sources may include age , gender , demographic , geographic , personal interests , product purchase activity or other information . We may report aggregate information , which is not able to be identified back to an individual user of the WebMD Web Sites , to our current or prospective advertisers and other business partners . We do not sell or share any Personal Information with any third parties , except contractors performing services on our behalf who agree not to use this information received from us for any purpose other than performing services on our behalf . Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information it gathers from you through the WebMD Web Sites . We may only release Personal Information to third parties : ( 1 ) to comply with legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( 2 ) in special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others , to protect property or defend or assert legal rights . In addition , we may disclose Personal Information as described below . In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a sale to , or merger with , another entity , or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy , WebMD reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets . In the event of such a change , your Personal Information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless any changes to the Privacy Policy are made in accordance with the section below that discusses " Changes to This Privacy Policy. "  Disclosures to WebMD Operations and Maintenance Contractor WebMD contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the course of providing products or services to WebMD . These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology , services , data analysis , research , advertising and marketing assistance and/or content for the operation and maintenance of the WebMD Web Sites . We contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors : 1 ) protect the privacy of your Personal and Non-Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy and 2 ) not use or disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information for any purpose other than providing the limited service or function for WebMD . Disclosures to Third Party Web Sites Certain content , services and advertisements offered to you through the WebMD Web Sites are served on , or contain links to , web sites hosted and operated by a company other than WebMD ( " Third Party Web Sites " ) . WebMD does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Web Sites without your consent , but you should be aware that any information you disclose to the other web sites once you access these other web sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy . WebMD does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Web Sites . You should review the privacy policy posted on the other web site to understand how that Third Party Web Site collects and uses your Personal Information . WebMD makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave our website and enter a Third Party Web Site , either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the site before you visit the third party site . In addition , if you see a phrase such as " Powered by " or " in association with " followed by the name of a company other than WebMD , then you are on a web site hosted by a company other than WebMD . We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information . Despite WebMD 's efforts to protect your Personal Information , there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted . The security of your Personal Information is important to us . When you enter Personal Information ( including personal health information in various tools on our website ) , we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology . We will retain your Personal Information as long as your account is active or needed to provide you services . At any time you can remove your Personal Information or instruct us to remove it , but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to WebMD from our servers . WebMD tools that collect and store Personal Information allow you to correct , update or review information you have submitted by going back to the specific tool , logging-in and making the desired changes . We will also retain your Personal Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements . We are committed to protecting the privacy of children . The WebMD Web Sites are not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13 . The WebMD Web Sites do not collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13 . A parent or guardian , however , may use WebMD Health Manager to establish a personal health record and a WebMD Health Manager home page for a minor . The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor 's use of WebMD Health Manager . The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate . The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through WebMD Health Manager for the minor . Please send us an email using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you . You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :  WebMD , LLC Attn : Office of Privacy 1201 Peachtree Street , NE 400 Colony Square , Suite 2100 Atlanta , GA 30361 Phone : 866-788-3097 We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy or any of our tools or services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise . If we make any material changes to this policy we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified when you register ) and/or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective . We encourage you to periodically review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices . If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy , we ask that you do not register with us and that you do not use the WebMD Web Sites . Please exit the WebMD Web Sites immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy . WebMD has been awarded e-Health accreditation from URAC , formerly the American HealthCare Accreditation Association . URAC is an independent accrediting body that has reviewed and approved WebMD 's WebMD.com Web sites for compliance with its more than 45 quality and ethics standards . To verify our compliance click the URAC logo . To read more , visit the URAC Education Center on WebMD . WebMD is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program . WebMD has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please email us by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of each page of our site . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . Please bear in mind that TRUSTe 's Watchdog service and certification is for the WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and the WebMD Health Manager sites and does not cover information that may be collected through other WebMD websites , mobile applications or mobile websites . Only information collected by WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , or WebMD Health Manager should be reported in a TRUSTe Watchdog complaint . WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and eMedicineHealth.com comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information , which can be verified here . Effective Date : May 06 , 2013 2013 WebMD , LLC . All rights reserved . 
Please read this page carefully . This page states the Terms and Conditions under which you , the website visitor ( hereinafter " You " or " visitor " ) , may use this site , the content of which is owned by or licensed to The Nemours Foundation and is operated and administered by The Nemours Center for Children 's Health Media ( collectively , " TeensHealth " ) . By using this site , You agree to be bound by all of the Terms and Conditions set forth below . If You do not accept these Terms and Conditions , please do not use this site . TeensHealth may , at its sole discretion , revise these Terms and Conditions at any time ; therefore , You should visit this page periodically to review the Terms and Conditions . The Nemours Center for Children 's Health Media seeks to improve the health of children through the creation of engaging , innovative , family-oriented media . Although it strives for timeliness and accuracy in all of its materials , TeensHealth makes no representations , warranties , or assurances as to the availability , accuracy , currency , or completeness of this site or its contents . TeensHealth shall not be liable for any damages or injury resulting from Your access to , inability to access , or use of this site , including , without limitation , any damages or injury arising from any links to other sites contained within or referred to in this site . TeensHealth is committed to preserving Your right to privacy . TeensHealth does not collect identifying information about You ( such as Your name , address , telephone number , or email address ) unless You voluntarily submit that information to us through our Contact Us page , our newsletter subscription pages , or other means . Please do not provide any confidential information ( including health information ) about you or anyone to us via electronic communication . Any information you do submit will not be sold to any third parties . If we publish any information you provide to us on the website , we will not disclose personally identifiable information . We collect information about your use of our website through the use of cookies . The information collected by cookies allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our website . We may use cookie information to determine the popularity of certain content and how long visitors stay on the site . Additionally , TeensHealth may include a third party cookie from Google in order to use Google Analytics to monitor site statistics . Please note that Google and its wholly owned subsidiaries may retain and use , subject to the terms of its Privacy Policy ( located at http : //www.google.com/privacy.html , or such other URL as Google may provide from time to time ) , information collected in Your use of the Service . Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the " Help " section of the toolbar . You do not have to accept our cookies in order to productively use our site . We do not use cookies to collect or store personal health information about you . When You visit the site , TeensHealth may automatically collect certain non-identifying information about You , such as the type of browser or computer operating system You use or the domain name of the site from which You linked to us . Any automatically collected information may be maintained indefinitely and used for our internal business and marketing purposes , such as assessing traffic patterns and usage of various features on the site , but will not be sold or otherwise disclosed to third parties for any purposes . Notwithstanding any other statements or representations here or elsewhere on our site , TeensHealth reserves its right to disclose any information in its possession if it is required to do so by law , or it believes , in good faith , that such a disclosure is necessary to comply with the law , defend its rights or property , or to respond to an emergency situation . If You are concerned about the information You have provided to TeensHealth or would like to review , update , or delete that information , please contact us at :  TeensHealth The Nemours Foundation 1600 Rockland Road Wilmington , DE 19803 ( 302 ) 651-4046 info @ TeensHealth.org TeensHealth will make reasonable efforts to comply with Your wishes . The Contact Us page is the primary means of communication with TeensHealth staff for a website visitor . Website visitors may use the Contact Us page to send content suggestions or questions about the Parents , Kids , or Teens areas of the site directly to the Parents , Kids , or Teens editorial staff . Website visitors may also use this form to ask general questions about the Website or content , submit notification of broken links , communicate privacy concerns , and/or submit praise and/or complaints . All comments are seen by the Editor-in-Chief who , along with senior editorial staff , handle all content-related issues and will use these comments , for instance , as ideas for generating new content or answering a question in a Q&A section on the site . All technical and operational issues are forwarded to the Director of Operations for handling . As TeensHealth policy is not to respond to visitor email , the Contact Us page does not ask for any personally identifiable information ( such as an email address ) , and the only way personally identifiable information would be collected is if the visitor were to voluntarily type such information into one of the open text fields . The Contact Us page is secured using 128-bit encryption . Any health information submitted through the Contact Us page is not stored in a way that is personally identifiable . We may , unless you indicate otherwise , store , edit , and excerpt your email for use in Q&As , presentations , analyses , and other similar purposes . In these cases , we will delete any content that would specifically identify you as the writer of the email . The only personally identifiable information that is actively collected by TeensHealth are email addresses of individuals who opt-in to our newsletter programs . These email addresses are only used for delivering our newsletters . These addresses are not typically viewed by a human being unless there is some problem with the database . Users may remove their email address from our list by using the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of each newsletter . Our Kids section is intended to be a safe resource for children under 13 to find useful , age-appropriate information . Although The Nemours Foundation is a nonprofit , charitable foundation and as such is not subject to the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act , it takes children 's privacy very seriously . The Nemours Foundation and TeensHealth do not sell the information sent to it , whether by children or anyone else . In addition to collecting information about your use of our website ( see " Privacy " ) , TeensHealth also collects personally identifiable information through services offered on our site :  Email newsletters , administered through ExactTarget , which are opt-in , and contain links to content on the site . Quick Polls , administered through Polldaddy , which are opt-in polls inviting readers to submit their opinion . Surveys , administered through SurveyMonkey , which are opt-in surveys inviting readers to submit their opinion . Our Contact Us page does not ask for any personally identifiable information . Sometimes , children write TeensHealth with a personal medical question . As stated elsewhere , TeensHealth generally does not answer such questions and does not collect email addresses on the Contact Us form in order to be able to respond . However , there are times when a visitor includes an email address and a physician believes it is advisable to ask a follow-up question or offer a comment , for instance , in the case of a life-threatening condition . Only in these rare and serious instances will TeensHealth respond to an individual communication or take action on the information . TeensHealth employs reasonable security measures to protect the personal information You submit to it . Such security involves the use of SSL-secured Web forms , firewalls , and other commonly employed security methods . TeensHealth welcomes Your comments on its site and content . However , You acknowledge that if You send us creative suggestions , ideas , notes , drawings , concepts , inventions , or other information ( collectively , the " Information " ) , the Information shall be deemed , and shall remain , the property of TeensHealth . By submission of any Information to us , You assign to us and we shall exclusively own all now known or hereafter existing rights to such Information and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Information for any purpose whatsoever , commercial or otherwise , without compensation to You . As a user of this site , You are responsible for Your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting . Therefore , do not do any of the following things : transmit to us material that is copyrighted , unless You are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner to post it ; send material that reveals trade secrets , unless You own them or have the permission of the owner ; send material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others ; send material that is obscene , defamatory , threatening , harassing , abusive , hateful , or embarrassing to another user or any other person or entity ; send sexually explicit images ; send advertisements or solicitations of business ; send chain letters or pyramid schemes ; or impersonate another person . TeensHealth reserves the right to expel users and prevent their further access to this site for violating these terms or the law and reserves the right to remove any communications from this site . The violation of any of the terms and conditions set forth on this Terms and Conditions page shall result in the immediate revocation of Your right to use the content and obligates You to immediately destroy any copies of the content in Your possession . Articles and features published on this site undergo a rigorous editorial process that includes extensive review by medical professionals . However , all information on this site is for educational purposes only . For specific medical advice , diagnoses , and treatment , consult Your doctor . The editorial staff makes every effort to be as neutral as possible with regard to gender , race , color , religion , and age . Within the articles , the site takes turns referring to infants , children , and teens as " he " or " she. "  Remember that even if an article says he or she , it is referring to male and female infants , children , and teens , unless otherwise specified . This site contains links to websites owned by third parties . These links appear as resources associated with individual articles . These resources are listed on a separate page and users are cautioned at the top of these pages that clicking links to listed resources will take them off the TeensHealth site . These links are provided solely as a convenience to You and are not an endorsement by TeensHealth of the contents of those other sites . TeensHealth is not responsible for the content of any linked sites and makes no representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such sites . If You decide to visit any third-party sites using links from this site , You do so at Your own risk . Occasionally , in a scam known as " phishing , " mass emailers will send messages that claim to be from TeensHealth . They may use our name , logo , or employee email addresses in fraudulent emails trying to obtain valuable information from consumers and businesses . These con artists know that people trust TeensHealth . That 's why they may use our name or that of some other well-known organization to trick people into believing that they are dealing with a legitimate request for personal information . These fraudulent emails often create a false sense of urgency intended to prompt the recipient to take action . TeensHealth does not send out unsolicited emails or commercial endorsements , and does not ask for detailed personal information . If you get this sort of email appearing to be from TeensHealth , you should assume that it is fraudulent and avoid clicking any link within the email . TeensHealth does not warrant that the site will operate error-free or that the site or its server are free of computer viruses or other harmful material . If Your use of the site or the site 's material results in the need for servicing or replacing of equipment or data , TeensHealth shall not be responsible for those costs . This site and its material are provided on an " as is " basis without any warranties of any kind . TEENSHEALTH , TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW , DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES , INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY , NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES ' RIGHTS , AND THE WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE . Disclaimer of Consequential Damages IN NO EVENT SHALL TEENSHEALTH , ITS EDUCATIONAL PARTNERS , OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED IN THE SITE CONTENT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER ( INCLUDING , WITHOUT LIMITATION , INCIDENTAL , CONSEQUENTIAL , OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES , LOST PROFITS , OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE MATERIAL ON THIS WEBSITE OR SITES LINKED TO THIS WEBSITE , WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY , CONTRACT , TORT , OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY , AND WHETHER TEENSHEALTH IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES . The contents of this site , including , without limitation , text , graphics , images , and other content ( the " Content " ) are owned by or licensed to TeensHealth and are protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws . Unauthorized use of the Content violates copyright , trademark , and other laws . You agree to retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Content on any copy You make of such material . You may not sell or modify our Content or reproduce , display , distribute , or otherwise use the Content in any way for any public or commercial purpose . Use of the Content on any other website or in a networked environment is prohibited . For permission to reprint or link to TeensHealth content , see our Permissions Guidelines . This site originates from within the United States . TeensHealth does not claim that the Content on this site is appropriate or may be used outside of the United States . Access to the Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries . If You access the site from outside the United States , You do so at Your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of Your jurisdiction . These Terms and Conditions are governed by the substantive laws of the State of Delaware , without respect to its conflict of laws principles . You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts situated in the State of Delaware with respect to any dispute , disagreement , or cause of action related to or involving this site . If any provision is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction , the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions , which shall remain in full force and effect . No waiver of any of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term . Except as expressly provided elsewhere in this site , these Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between You and TeensHealth with respect to Your use of this site . TeensHealth and TeensHealth.org are trademarks of The Nemours Foundation . 
Thank you for visiting NetDoctor . Your privacy is important to us . To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our policy within this area . If you do not agree to the terms in this Policy , we kindly ask you to leave the site . NetDoctor 's site provides a number of services such as news , Ask the Doctor , online discussion forums , communities ( such as Smoking and Depression , containing special in-depth information ) , health-related programmes , voting polls , etc . For some services , NetDoctor may require your e-mail address or other personal information such as your name , age , sex , health information , various habits and information for your profile . Providing us with this personal and identifiable information is , of course , optional . However , in some cases it may not be possible for us to provide the service in question without receiving specific information from you . NetDoctor will use the information received to provide NetDoctor 's services and to improve the content of the site . In order to provide the services , your personal data may in some situations be seen by third parties , such as doctors or operations and maintenance contractors repairing and maintaining NetDoctor 's technical systems . Also , NetDoctor syndicates content from its site to its partners . As a consequence , any information that can be seen on NetDoctor 's site may also be found on our partners ' sites , such as the discussion forums and Ask the Doctor services etc . NetDoctor may further use the aggregate information to study statistical results and produce summary reports . Such reports may be shared with NetDoctor 's partners and advertisers , but the reports will not disclose personally identifiable information . Except from that stated above , NetDoctor will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information without your permission except under special circumstances , for instance if NetDoctor in good faith believes that the law requires disclosure . Any information collected by NetDoctor will be treated confidentially . Please remember that any information you reveal , including personally identifiable information in a public forum such as in a discussion forum or a chat , is not subject to this Privacy Policy and can be seen by third parties unrelated to NetDoctor . It is therefore important that you carefully consider what information you disclose in these areas . NetDoctor stores information only as long as it is necessary . If your personal information changes ( such as your address ) or you no longer want to use one of our services to which you have subscribed , we will provide a way to correct , update , delete or remove your personal data . This can usually be done by you at the member information page or by e-mailing our site administrator . Information from our discussion forums , chats and services such as Ask the Doctor is stored in archives since it is considered useful to future users . As a global company NetDoctor has many national sites and users all over the world . When you provide NetDoctor with personal information , that information may be sent electronically to servers outside of the country where you originally entered the information . In addition , that information may be used , stored and processed outside of the country where you entered the information . Whenever NetDoctor handles personal information , regardless of where this occurs , NetDoctor takes every precaution to ensure that your information is treated securely , for instance by encrypting the information with SSL and by storing the information in a secure environment . Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 per cent secure . As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , NetDoctor can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to NetDoctor , and you do so at your own risk . To give our users the best experience with our sites , a number of our web pages use cookies . Cookies are small text files that we place on your computer to store your preferences . Cookies , by themselves , do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by , for example , registering at one of our sites . However , once you choose to provide the site with personally identifiable information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie . We use cookies to understand site-usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites . For example , we may use cookies to personalise your experience at our web pages ( eg to recognise you by name when you return to our site ) and to save your password in password-protected areas . Nielsen//NetRatings , an independent measurement and research company , gathers non-personal data regarding the visitors to our site on our behalf using cookies and code which is embedded in the site . Both the cookies and the embedded code provide non-personal statistical information about visits to pages on the site , the duration of individual page view , paths taken by visitors through the site , data on visitors ' screen settings and other general information . NetDoctor uses this type of information , as with that obtained from other cookies used on the site , to help it improve the services to its users . If you wish to reject Nielsen//NetRating 's cookie , you can use the process set out below under ' How to find and control your cookies ' . To disable the embedded code , you will need to send requests directly to webprivacy @ netratings.com . Further information regarding Nielsen//NetRating 's privacy statement can be found at http : //www.netratings.com/privacy.jsp ?section=leg_scs . If you 're using Netscape 6.0 On your Task Bar , click Edit , then Preferences Click on Advanced Click on Cookies If you 're using Internet Explorer 6.0 Choose Tools , then Internet Options Click the Privacy Tab Click on Custom Level Click on the ' Advanced ' button Check the ' override automatic cookie handing ' box and select Accept , Block or Prompt for action as appropriate . If you 're using Internet Explorer 5.0 or 5.5 Choose Tools , then Internet Options Click the Security tab Click on Custom Level Scroll down to the sixth option to see how cookies are handled by Internet Explorer 5 and change to Accept , Disable , or Prompt for action as appropriate . If you 're using Internet Explorer 4.0 Choose View , then Internet Options Click the Advanced tab Scroll down to the yellow exclamation icon under Security and choose one of the three options to regulate your use of cookies . If you 're using Internet Explorer 3.0 You can View , Options , Advanced , then click on the button that says Warn before Accepting Cookies . If you 're using Netscape Communicator 4.0 On your Task Bar , click Edit , then Preferences Click on Advanced Set your options in the box that says Cookies . NetDoctor 's websites contain links to other sites . Please observe that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites . We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website collecting personally identifiable information . If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on our website so our users may always know what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it . We will use the information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected . Revised March , 2005 Copyright NetDoctor . All rights reserved . Last updated 01.03.2005 Read more : http : //www.netdoctor.co.uk/privacy.htm# ixzz2opWXXQCY Follow us : @ NetDoctor on Twitter | NetDoctorUK on Facebook 
ZocDoc , Inc. ( us , we , or ZocDoc ) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of our customers , visitors , and other users of ZocDoc.com ( the Site ) and services provided by ZocDoc through the Site ( collectively , the Services ) . We created this Privacy Policy ( Privacy Policy ) to give you confidence as you visit and use the Services , and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy . This Privacy Policy is only applicable to our Site and information obtained by us from any of our marketing affiliates , and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site or any website of ZocDoc 's business partners , each of which may have data collection , storage , and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy . Your use of the Services is governed by this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use . BY USING THE SITE , SERVICES , AND/OR BY REGISTERING WITH US , YOU ACCEPT THE PRACTICES AND POLICIES OUTLINED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY , AND YOU HEREBY CONSENT THAT WE WILL TRACK , COLLECT , USE , AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION IN THE FOLLOWING WAYS . IF YOU ARE REGISTERING AN ACCOUNT OR USING THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF AN INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY OTHER THAN YOURSELF , YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED BY SUCH INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY TO ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY ON SUCH INDIVIDUAL 'S OR ENTITY 'S BEHALF . We automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our Site : ( 1 ) IP addresses ; ( 2 ) domain servers ; ( 3 ) types of computers accessing the Site ; ( 4 ) types of web browsers used to access the Site ; ( 5 ) referring source which may have sent you to the Site ; and ( 6 ) other information associated with the interaction of your browser and the Site ( collectively Traffic Data ) . In order for you to access certain areas of the Site or certain Services where it is important for us to know who you are so that we can best meet your needs , we may require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies you ( Personal Information ) . Personal Information includes the following categories of information : ( 1 ) contact data ( such as your e-mail address , phone number and ZocDoc password ) ; ( 2 ) demographic data ( such as your gender , your date of birth and your zip code ) ; ( 3 ) insurance data ( such as your insurance carrier and insurance plan ) ; and ( 4 ) medical data ( such as the previous doctors , dentists or other health care providers ( Providers ) you visited , your reason for visiting Providers , your date of visiting Providers , your medical history , and other medical and health information you choose to share with us ) . If you communicate with us by , for example , e-mail or letter , any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information . We also collect other information , some of which may be Personal Information that you voluntarily provide to us when you choose to use some of the Services ' interactive tools and services ( Interactive Tools ) , such as searching for Providers , searching for available appointments with Providers , and completing medical history forms ( " Medical History Forms " ) prior to Provider appointments . We also collect information you provide voluntarily in free-form text boxes on the Site and through responses to surveys , questionnaires and the like . Some of the free Interactive Tools on our Site ask you for health-related Personal Information . You may elect to use certain Services available through the Site that require you to download and install software on your computer ( Installed Tools ) . The Installed Tools may collect and transmit information from your computer system solely relating to use of the Installed Tools and for the purpose of providing you the relevant Services , for example , by informing ZocDoc when a user is logged on and available to receive update or alert notices . We may use small computer files that are transferred to your computer 's hard drive that contain information such as user ID , user preferences , lists of pages visited and activities conducted while browsing the Site ( Cookies ) to help us improve our Site by tracking your navigation habits and to store some of your preferences . Generally , we use Cookies to customize your experience on our Site and to store your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site . Cookies do not allow our site to gain access to other information on your computer . At your option , expense and responsibility , you may block Cookies or delete Cookies from your hard drive . However , by disabling Cookies , you may not have access to the entire set of features of the Site . In addition , our business partners may use Cookies to provide us with anonymous data and information regarding the use of our Services . Specifically , some of our business partners use Cookies to show ZocDoc ads on other sites on the internet as a result of you using the Services . Such Cookies do not contain any Personal Information . You may opt out of receiving Cookies placed by such third party vendors by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page . Other Cookies used by our business partners may collect other non-personally identifying information , such as the computer 's IP address , type of operating system , type of internet browsing software , what web pages were viewed at what time , the geographic location of your internet service provider and demographic information , such as gender and age range . This information is used to provide ZocDoc with more information about our users ' demographics and internet behaviors . We do not link the information stored in these Cookies directly to any of your Personal Information you submit while on the Site . In limited circumstances we also may use tiny graphic image files imbedded in a web page or email that provide a presence on the web page or email and send back to its home server information from the user 's browser ( Web Beacons ) to collect anonymous , non-personal information about your use of our Services and the sites of selected sponsors and advertisers , and your use of emails , special promotions or newsletters we send to you . The information collected by Web Beacons allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using the Services and selected sponsors ' and advertisers ' sites , or opening our emails , and for what purposes . We may use third party website analytics services in connection with the Services , for example , to record mouse clicks , mouse movements , scrolling activity , as well as any text that you type into the Site . These website analytics services do not collect Personal Information that you do not voluntarily enter into the Site . These services do not track your browsing habits across websites which do not use their services . We use the information collected from these services to find usability problems to make the Services easier to use . The recordings will never identify you or your account ; they only record anonymous user information . We store all Traffic Data and review postings indefinitely , even after deletion , and may archive such information elsewhere . We store all Personal Information until you request that we modify or delete it , in which case we may still retain certain Personal Information for the reasons described in Section 20 below . ZocDoc does not collect information from children under the age of 13 in accordance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) as discussed below . If you are a parent or legal guardian of a minor child , you may , in compliance with the Terms of Use , use the Services on behalf of such minor child . Any information that you provide us while using the Services on behalf of your minor child will be treated as Personal Information as otherwise provided herein . COPPA severely restricts what information can be collected from children under the age of 13 . For this reason , children under the age of 13 in the United States are prohibited from using the Services . The Services are not directed at children , and ZocDoc does not knowingly collect any information from individuals under the age of 13 . If we learn that we have received any information from an individual under the age of 13 , we will use that information only to respond directly to that child ( or a parent or legal guardian ) to inform him or her that he or she can not use the Services and subsequently we will delete that information from our own servers . We may use your Personal Information to recommend certain resources or Providers . We may use your contact data to send you information about ZocDoc or our products or Services , to contact you when necessary , including to remind you of upcoming or follow-up appointments , and in conjunction with your use of certain Interactive Tools . We may use your demographic data , Traffic Data , insurance data or medical data to customize and tailor your experience through the Services , in emails and in other communications , displaying content that we think you might be interested in and according to your preferences . Use of the Services may require ZocDoc to use your Personal Information to allow your Providers to refer you to , and make appointments with , other Providers on your behalf . We may also use your anonymized Personal Information to run ( or authorize third parties to run ) statistical research on individual or aggregate health or medical trends . Such research would only use your Personal Information in an anonymous manner that can not be tied directly back to you . We share certain categories of information we collect from you in the ways described in this Privacy Policy , including as described below : You may choose to authorize ZocDoc to share your Personal Information with selected Providers . For example , if you elect to complete a Medical History Form using the Services in advance of an appointment , we may share your Medical History Form with your Providers if you agree that we may do so . We may share your contact data , Traffic Data , demographic data , insurance data and medical data with Providers you choose to schedule through the Services . In order to customize your advertising interactions , we may share Personal Information with marketing affiliates and other third parties only on an aggregate ( i.e. , anonymized ) basis . We may share your anonymized Personal Information with third parties to enable them to run statistical research on individual or aggregate health or medical trends . We share Personal Information and Traffic Data with our business partners who assist us by performing core services ( such as hosting , billing , fulfillment , or data storage and security ) related to our operation of the Services and/or by making certain Interactive Tools available to our users . Those business partners shall be bound to uphold the same standards of security and confidentiality that we have promised to you in this Privacy Policy , and they will only use your contact data and other Personal Information to carry out their specific business obligations to ZocDoc and to provide your requested medical care and services . We may share your contact data with our subcontractors to enable them to send you ZocDoc promotional materials . These subcontractors will only use your contact data to send you ZocDoc promotional materials . We may share certain marketing metrics including , but not limited to , anonymized Personal Information and non-personal Information , with our business partners to help determine the effectiveness of certain advertising campaigns . We may transfer information about you to another company in connection with a merger , sale or acquisition by or of ZocDoc . In this event , we will use reasonable efforts to notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy . ZocDoc does not share , sell , rent or trade your Personal Information with any third parties for their promotional purposes . You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information . In such an event , you can still access and use some of the Services ; however you will not be able to access and use certain key features of the Services that require your Personal Information . Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy , we will keep your Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties , unless we believe in good faith that disclosure of your Personal Information or any other information we collect about you is necessary to : ( 1 ) comply with a court order or other legal process ; ( 2 ) protect the rights , property or safety of ZocDoc or another party ; ( 3 ) enforce our Terms of Use ; or ( 4 ) respond to claims that any posting or other content violates the rights of third-parties . Doctors , dentists , their employees , and their agents should be particularly aware of their obligations of patient confidentiality , including without limitation their obligations under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ( HIPAA ) , both in communicating with ZocDoc and in responding to a review of their services posted on our Site . ZocDoc does not have , and will not accept , any obligations of confidentiality with respect to any communications other than those expressly stated in this Privacy Policy and ZocDoc 's Terms of Use . Any information that you may reveal in a review posting or other online discussion or forum is intentionally open to the public and is not in any way private . You should think carefully before disclosing any personally identifiable information in any public forum . What you have written may be seen and/or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we are unable to control or predict . The security of your Personal Information is important to us . We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it . For example , when you enter sensitive information on our Site , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) . Although we make good faith efforts to store Personal Information in a secure operating environment that is not open to the public , you should understand that there is no such thing as complete security , and we do not guarantee that there will be no unintended disclosures of your Personal Information . If we become aware that your Personal Information has been disclosed in a manner not in accordance with this Privacy Policy , we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of the nature and extent of the disclosure ( to the extent we know that information ) as soon as reasonably possible and as permitted by law . You must promptly notify us if your contact data is lost , stolen , or used without permission . In such an event , we will remove that contact data from your account and update our records accordingly . We reserve the right , at any time , to add to , change , update , or modify this Privacy Policy so please review it frequently . If we do , then we will post the amended Privacy Policy on the Site ; we may also attempt to notify you in some other way . In all cases , use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected . As a registered user of the Services , you can modify some of the Personal Information you have included in your profile or change your username by logging in and accessing your account . Upon your request , ZocDoc will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete your account and the Personal Information in your profile ; however , it may be impossible to remove your account without some residual information being retained by ZocDoc . ZocDoc has no obligation to delete any data or information you provide on a Medical History Form following termination of your account or the account of any Provider to whom your Medical History Form was submitted through the Services . Registered users who wish to close their account should email : privacy @ zocdoc.com . 21 . Links to Other Websites The Site contains links to third party websites to which ZocDoc has no affiliation . ZocDoc does not share your Personal Information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices . Some websites may have the look and feel of our Site . Please be aware that you may be on a different site and that this Privacy Policy only covers our Site . A link to a non-ZocDoc website does not constitute or imply endorsement by ZocDoc . Additionally , we can not guarantee the quality or accuracy of information presented on non-ZocDoc websites . Should you decide to visit one of these third party websites , we suggest that you read its privacy policy . 22 . Contacts If you have any comments , concerns or questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at privacy @ zocdoc.com or ZocDoc , Inc. 568 Broadway 9th Floor New York , NY 10012 Phone : ( 855 ) 962-3621 Fax : ( 800 ) 701-9607 Last Updated on October 3 , 2012 . Copyright 2007-2013 ZocDoc , Inc . All Rights Reserved . 
Meredith Online Privacy Policy Effective Date : October 1 , 2013 Online Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Offline Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Online Privacy Policy Welcome ! This Online Privacy Policy applies to your use of websites , interactive services and mobile device applications provided by Meredith Corporation or our affiliates ( collectively , " Meredith , " " we " or " us " ) and that display an authorized link to this policy ( collectively , the " Services " ) . This Online Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect online through the Services . Please click here to see our separate Offline Privacy Policy . By using any of our Services , you agree that this Online Privacy Policy and our Visitor Agreement govern your use of our Services and any dispute concerning the Services . Please take a few minutes to read them before using or registering to access our Services . This Policy describes our privacy practices regarding :  Children under 13 Sites to Which We Link Information Collected Through Our Services How to Correct or Update Your Information Information We May Obtain from Other Sources Security , Retention and Storage of Information How We Use the Information We Collect Changes to Our Online Privacy Policy How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-Out Choices If you have questions about this Online Privacy Policy , please contact us at privacy @ meredith.com Return to top Meredith cares about protecting the privacy of children . We wo n't knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to provide us any personally identifying information online . Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any personal information about themselves ( such as their names , email addresses , and phone numbers ) over the Internet , to us or to anyone else . We encourage you to become involved in your children 's online experience , and to share your knowledge and experience with your young ones . If you 're under 13 , please do not register for any of our Services or provide us with any personally identifying information ( such as your name , email address or phone number ) . Return to top The information we gather through our Services falls into two categories : ( 1 ) information you voluntarily supply to us when you register , initiate transactions or communicate with us or others through the Services , and ( 2 ) information collected automatically as you use our Services . Third-party providers and advertisers featured on , or linked to from , our Services may also gather information through processes that we do n't control and subject to their own separate privacy policies , which may differ from ours . Registration and Other Personally Identifying Information . You may register to use certain features of our Services . When you register , we may collect personally identifying information , including your name , postal address , email address , user name and password , reminder questions and answers and communications preferences , such as which newsletters you would like to receive . We may also ask for information about age , gender , hobbies , interests and the like , but you 're free to register for most of our Services without providing this additional information . When you register for one of our Services , the information you provide may be added to a centralized Meredith database so that you may be simultaneously registered for our other Services as well . In addition , when you use various aspects of our Services , we may ask you for personally identifying information , including when you order products , complete a survey , enter a contest , or report a problem with our Services . We and our authorized third-party service providers use this information to process orders , tailor our Services to your interests or otherwise improve our Services . We may also collect contact information for other individuals when you use the sharing tools available within some of our Services to forward content or offers to your friends and associates . We use this information to facilitate the communications that you request . Please note that if you use any " send-to-a-friend " features of our Services , your email address may be included in the communication sent to your friend . Contests and Other Promotions . From time to time , we may offer contests , sweepstakes or other promotions . Participation in these promotions may require registration for our Services ( see Registration and Other Personally Identifying Information , above ) . If you participate in these promotions , we collect contact information such as your name , address , and email address and we may share this information with co-sponsors or other third parties involved in the promotion that we identify in the rules or entry materials . We do n't control these third parties ' privacy practices , and our Privacy Policy does not apply to their collection and use of your information . We may also share some of your entry information with third parties or the public in connection with the administration of the promotion , such as winner selection and prize fulfillment , and as permitted by the promotion 's official rules , such as on a winners ' list . Information Collected Automatically When You Use Our Services . Meredith or third-party contractors we engage may collect certain information automatically when you use our Services , including :  Your browser type , language , plug-ins , Internet domain and operating system ; Your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ( a numerical address assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so that other computers connected to the Internet can communicate with you online ) that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area ; The site you visited before visiting a Meredith website and the site you visited after visiting a Meredith website ; Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on while navigating within our Services ; Unique identifiers , including mobile device identification numbers , that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law ; Information collected through cookies , web beacons and other tracking technologies ( see additional descriptions of these terms below ) ; Information about your interactions with our video content , such as the type of content viewed on our Services ; Information about your interactions with our email messages , such as the links you click on and whether you open or forward a message ; the date and time of these interactions and the device you use to read emails ; and standard server log information . Personalization and Tracking Technologies . Like most website and mobile application operators , we , or third parties acting on our behalf , use embedded scripts , " cookies , " web beacons and other similar technologies to operate our Services . Cookies are small amounts of data ( often containing a unique identifier ) that are stored in separate files within your computer 's Internet browser . Cookies are accessed and recorded by the websites you visit , and by the companies that deliver the advertisements you see on websites , so they can recognize the same browser navigating online . We use cookies for the following general purposes :  To help us recognize your browser as a previous visitor and save and remember any preferences that may have been set while your browser was visiting one of our Services . For example , if you register for a Meredith Service , we may save your username and password , so you do not have to re-enter them each time you visit . To help control the display of advertisements and customize the content and advertisements you see while using our Services and sometimes while visiting other websites online . To help us measure and analyze visitor traffic and usage patterns and to improve the quality and effectiveness of our content , features , advertisements , and other communications . Third-party companies that provide some of the tools and features accessible through our Services and advertisers and other companies involved in the delivery of the advertisements that you see while using our Services and other websites also may place cookies within your browser . We do not have access to these cookies and do not control how they may be used . You can set your browser to accept or reject most cookies , or to notify you when a cookie is set . ( Each browser is different , so check the " Help " menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. )  It is up to you whether to allow us or third parties to send you or to set cookies , but if you block cookies , you may not be able to view or access some of the features of our Services . Please be aware that certain browsers can not block or delete so-called " Flash " cookies , which use a feature of the Adobe Flash video player to store information on your computer . For information about how to delete Flash cookies , please visit the Adobe website here . Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technologies . We and our service providers and other third-party companies involved in the delivery of advertisements you see on our Services and/or while visiting other unaffiliated websites may also use scripts , web beacons and/or similar technologies , to collect information about your use of our Services . Web beacons ( sometimes called " transparent GIFs , " " clear GIFs , " or " pixel tags " ) embed a small graphic image ( usually invisible ) on a web page or in an email . When your browser downloads a web beacon , the server that sends the corresponding image to your browser can recognize and store certain types of information such as cookies previously set , the time and date that you viewed the page embedded with the beacon and a description of that page . We use web beacons to improve your experience using our Services , including by providing you with content , advertising and offers customized to your interests , and to understand whether our users read email messages and click on links contained within those messages . Mobile Device IDs and Location-Based Information . Certain mobile devices , including smart phones and tablet devices , contain unique device IDs that can be used to identify their physical location . Mobile devices also typically transmit caller ID data ( which may include a phone number ) when used to transmit a telephone call or text message . When you use mobile devices to access our Services , we may collect and transmit unique device IDs and collect caller ID data , information about your wireless carrier , the make , model and operating system of your device and information about how you navigate within our Service . With your consent , we also may use precise geolocation technology such as GPS or WiFi triangulation to collect information about the exact location of your mobile device . We use this information to provide you the content and services you request , tell you about offers we think you will value , and improve your experience using our mobile applications and other Services . Information Collected in Connection With Ad Serving , Targeting and Analytics . We and our service providers may use information collected when you use our Services to serve interest-based advertisements on our Services and on other third-party websites that participate in advertising networks that we operate . The data collection for our networks currently is managed by our service provider , Collective . Meredith follows the Self Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral advertising released by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( " DAA " ) in July 2009 . To learn more about the Principles and to opt-out of interest-based advertising on the third-party sites in our networks , visit http : //www.aboutads.info/ . You can also easily opt-out of these targeted ads by clicking on the AdChoices icon located in the footer of our web sites . We also may work with other third-party advertising companies and data providers to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on our Services and on other websites , to send emails on our behalf , and to provide related analytics , forecasting , optimization and audience segmentation services . These companies may use their own cookies , web beacons and similar technologies to collect navigation information from our users that they may use , sometimes in conjunction with similar information gathered through other websites , to deliver advertisements tailored to match perceived user interests and/or for other purposes . To enable you to receive customized ads , content or services , some of these companies may also place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser that reflects de-identified demographic data or other information about you that they obtained from third-party data suppliers . To enable these cookies , we may share with these companies your email address or other registration information in an encrypted format ( i.e. hashed non-human readable form ) solely for the purpose of matching you to a relevant demographic profile . No personally identifying data will be captured or used in the cookies . To opt out of these cookies , please click on the AdChoices icon located in the footer of our web sites or you can go to http : //www.aboutads.info/ Most of the third-party advertising and data companies we work with , including DoubleClick and Google , are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( " NAI " ) and/or the DAA ) . To learn more about the information collection practices of NAI and DAA members and your related opt-out choices , please visit the NAI 's website here , or the DAA 's website ( and opt-out mechanism ) at http : //www.aboutads.info/ . We also engage Omniture , a third party , to track and analyze usage and browsing patterns of our users . For information about Omniture 's information collection practices and related opt-out choices , click here . Many of our advertisers also engage other third-party vendors to help them deliver advertisements tailored to your interests , and evaluate and improve the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns . We do not have access to the information these third parties may collect and this Policy does not cover their information practices . You can opt out of the use of cookies by many of these third-party vendors to tailor advertising to you by visiting http : //www.aboutads.info/ . Social Network Posting Tools and " Share " Features . You can access various social network posting and sharing tools through our Services that are operated by third parties , including a " share " button that allows you to post links to content and features that you believe will be of interest to others on your social network pages . When you use one of these sharing tools , the third-party company that operates the tool may be collecting information about your browser , device and online activity through its own tracking technologies and subject to its own separate privacy policy , which may differ from ours . The " Share " button functionality available within many of our Services is provided by Gigya , Inc. and its privacy policy is available here . Nielsen Online Campaign Ratings Service . Some of our advertisers may participate in a program operated by the Nielsen Company to develop an Online Campaign Ratings service that is comparable to Nielsen 's television ratings . When one of their ads appears on our Services , it may contain a web beacon that will record your exposure to the ad , read certain cookies on your browser , and forward this information to one or more operators of third-party websites or other online service on which you may have registered . If the third-party operator recognizes a cookie that identifies you as one of its registered users , it will append the impression data it receives , which may identify you as a user our Services , with age and gender information before returning the data to Nielsen . Nielsen aggregates the data it receives about a given campaign to create ratings reports for advertisers and publishers . According to Nielsen , these reports measure campaign performance on an aggregate level within various demographic categories and do not identify you personally . For more information about Nielsen 's information collection practices and any related opt-out choices that Nielsen offers , please see the Nielsen.com privacy policy here . Return to top We may combine the information we collect through the Services with other information that we obtain about you , your computer , and/or device from other companies and sources , including third-party data suppliers and public databases . The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources :  Name , postal address , email address and telephone number ; Demographic data , such as age , gender , and income level ; Your interests and purchase behavior ; Publicly-visible data , such as your posts and submissions to blogs , video-sharing services , and other interactive forums ; and Other navigation data , such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on . Return to top Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide you with a customized experience when using our Services and to make them more valuable to you . Because our Services are supported by advertising , we also use the information we collect to help advertisers efficiently reach consumers who are most likely to be interested in their products and services . We only use payment and identity verification information , such as credit card numbers , driver 's license numbers , social security numbers , or comparable national identifiers as necessary to complete a particular transaction , provide a requested service , enforce legal rights or comply with applicable law . In addition , we and our authorized service providers generally use other information that we collect about you to :  Analyze , operate and improve our Services , and fulfill your requests for products , services , and information , including to send you electronic newsletters ; Enable you to participate in features such as surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and message boards ; Provide you with special offers and promotions from companies within our corporate family , and select third parties in accordance with applicable law ; Customize the content you see when you use our Services ; Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests , including advertising that you see on our Services and on third-party websites ; Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and enforce our Visitor Agreement ; Conduct market analysis , traffic flow analysis and related reporting ; and For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent . Return to top Except as otherwise expressly noted herein or within the Services , we may share any information that we collect through our Services , including without limitation , your name , postal address ( and any other information we combine with that information ) with our Meredith-affiliated companies , our provider partners and service providers , and with carefully selected third-party marketers of products and services potentially of interest to you . To remove your name and postal address from lists that we sell or rent to third parties for their direct marketing purposes , please use the postal list opt-out form available here " opt-out " form or send your request to us in a letter addressed to Meredith Corporation , Opt-Out Postal , Attn : Circulation , 1716 Locust Street , Des Moines , Iowa 50309 ) . We share our users ' email addresses with service providers that send email messages on our behalf . These service providers may collect data about how you interact with those messages ( including information about whether and when you opened a particular message or clicked on a link within a message and the device you used to do so ) and analyze it in conjunction with similar information they collect when you respond to emails they send on behalf of their other clients who are not affiliated with us . They use this email response information in combination with your email address to target and optimize the delivery of emails they send on our behalf and for their other clients . To opt out of this information collection , you can unsubscribe from the related Meredith email list by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message and/ or by visiting the Email Preferences page on our sites and updating your preferences . ( Note that using the opt-out mechanism associated with the AdChoices icon will NOT affect the collection of email response information. )  We do not authorize our email service providers to share your email address with their other clients . Except as described in this policy , we will not sell or rent your email address to unaffiliated third parties for their email marketing purposes , without your consent . If you use our Services to sign up for special email offers from third-party advertisers , we will share your email address and any other information you provided with your request with the advertisers you selected . If you decide you no longer want to receive these emails , simply follow the advertiser 's unsubscribe link or instructions that should be included in every commercial message you receive . If you choose to subscribe to any of Meredith 's newsletters or commercial email lists , you can unsubscribe at any time by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message or by visiting our Email Preferences page on our sites and updating your preferences . Provider Partners and Service Providers . To make your experience with our Services more useful and enjoyable , we may offer some features ( such as chat rooms and email newsletters ) in conjunction with third-party providers ( " Provider Partners " ) that specialize in operating such services . We share with each of these Provider Partners such information as is useful or necessary to provide you with the services we offer through that Provider Partner . We also contract with other companies to provide specialized services to us , including credit-card and billing processing , shipping , marketing , email and text message distribution , data processing , website analytics and promotions management . We reserve the right to share with these companies any information we collect about you provided that they commit not to use the information for purposes inconsistent with this Privacy Policy . Aggregated Information . We and our service providers may combine information that we collect about you with information that we collect about other users of our Services and share it in a form that does not identify you personally . We and our service providers may use aggregated information or other anonymous information and disclose it to third parties as we see fit . Information You Post to Blogs , Discussion Forums and Community or Social Networking Areas . Keep in mind that any information that you choose to post to blogs , discussion forums , or other community or social networking services that we offer can be seen , collected and used by anyone who has access to the applicable service . We can not be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information . Legal Compliance , Business Transfers and Other Disclosures . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein or within our Services , we may occasionally release information about users of our Services when we deem such release appropriate to comply with law , respond to compulsory process or law enforcement requests , enforce our Visitor Agreement , or protect the rights , property or safety of users of our Services , the public , Meredith Corporation , our affiliates , or any third party . Over time , we may reorganize or transfer various assets and lines of business . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein or on our Services , we reserve the right to disclose or transfer any information we collect to third parties in connection with any proposed or actual purchase , sale , lease , merger , foreclosure , liquidation , amalgamation or any other type of acquisition , disposal , transfer , conveyance or financing of all or any portion of Meredith or our affiliates . Return to top We also may provide links to other websites or services , and provide access to products and services offered by third parties , whose privacy policies we do n't control . Return to top Meredith Corporation believes in providing you with the ability to access and edit the personally identifying information that you have provided to us through our Services . To update this information , please visit the " My Account " area or comparable feature of the Service you used to enter your information . If you can not locate such a feature , send us an email at privacy @ meredith.com . Return to top We use commercially reasonable procedures to protect the personally-identifying information that we collect . No security system is impenetrable , however . We can not guarantee the security of our databases , nor can we guarantee that information you supply wo n't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet . Please see our Visitor Agreement for more information related to posting materials on our Services including our use of such materials . For the purposes set out in this Online Privacy Policy , personally-identifying information may be transferred to , processed , stored and accessed by us , our affiliates and our unaffiliated service providers in the United States and in other jurisdictions where we or they operate . Courts and other authorities in these jurisdictions may , in certain circumstances , be entitled to access your personally-identifying information . By using the Services , you consent to this transfer , processing , storage and access of your personally-identifying information in and/or outside of the jurisdiction in which you reside . Return to top Digital technology is rapidly evolving . If we decide to change our Privacy Policy in the future , we 'll post the changes here and indicate at the top of the policy the last date on which it was updated . Unless otherwise noted , all changes will be effective when posted . Return to top YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS ( As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 )  California residents have the right to request and obtain from us , once a year and free of charge , a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed certain types of personal information ( if any ) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year . At our option , we may respond to such requests by providing instructions about how our users can exercise their options to prevent our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . You can read these instructions above in the section of our Online Privacy Policy titled " How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-out Choices. "  Or , if you are a California resident and prefer that we send you a separate description of these opt-out choices , please email your request to privacy @ meredith.com 
Privacy Policy TOTAL BEAUTY MEDIA , INC. PRIVACY POLICY Your privacy is important , so Total Beauty Media , Inc. has created this Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect when you visit the Total Beauty web site ( the " Site " ) , why we collect it , and how it is used . The terms " you , " " your " and " yours " refer to all visitors of our Site . The terms " Total Beauty " , " we " , " us " and " our " refer to Total Beauty Media , Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates . This Privacy Policy is governed by our Terms of Use . By accessing this Site and the content , information , products and services available on this Site , you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use . We may periodically make changes to this Privacy Policy . We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on our Site . It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy frequently and remain informed about any changes , so we encourage you to visit this page often . If you do not consent to this Privacy Policy , please do not use the Site . If you have any questions about our privacy practices , please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us . The Information We Collect ; How We Collect It We may request at times that you voluntarily supply us with personal information . Such personal information includes any information that may be used to identify a specific individual , including , but not limited to , a first and last name , home or other physical address , an email address , phone number ( s ) and other contact information . Generally some or all of this information is requested when you register on the Site , when you post product reviews or ratings , or when you provide information in connection with sweepstakes , contests , surveys , and samples programs . We may request information about your interests and activities , your gender and age , and other demographic information as well as public information such as user ratings and reviews and other information you view on the Site . We request additional personal information , including your credit card information , billing and shipping addresses , and telephone number when you use our services to make purchases . If you invite a friend to join Total Beauty , you will need to provide his or her name and email address . Total Beauty will retain this information to credit your membership with referrals and track the success of our referral plan . Some of the information Total Beauty collects is not explicitly submitted by you - Total Beauty also automatically receives and records information on its server logs from your browser , including your IP address , cookie information , the web pages you request , your browser type and language , access times , the searches you undertake , and the referring web site address . For instance , when you visit our Site , we may assign your computer one or more cookies , to facilitate access to our Site and to personalize your online experience . Through the use of a cookie , we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our Site , such as the web pages you visit , the links you click , and the searches you conduct on the Site . Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies , and you should be able to remove existing cookies by following your browser help file directions . If you choose to decline cookies , please note that you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features offered on our Site . We also may use standard other technologies , such as web beacons and other similar technologies , to track your use of our Site . We also may include web beacons in promotional or other e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon . The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the services we offer our Site users to deliver targeted advertisements and to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising , content , programming or other activities . We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements when you visit our Site . The third-party advertising technology that we use on this Site uses information derived from your visits to this Site to target advertising within this Site and gauge the effectiveness of the advertising . The Information Collected by Third Parties Using Technology Total Beauty , its service providers , or third party advertisers or their service providers may use third-party advertising technology to customize the ads you see on our Site based on your previous online activity on this Site and other sites . This is sometimes called " interest based advertising " or " online behavioral advertising , " and it is intended to deliver ads that are relevant to your interests and thereby enhance your online experience . For instance , certain advertisers may place unique cookies or other electronic tools on your browser that gather non-personally identifiable information regarding your online activities on this Site and others . This information may then be used , alone or in conjunction with other information , to make inferences about your interests , and then display to you advertisements that are tailored to your particular interests while you are on this Site or other web sites . The collection and use of your information by our service providers , third-party advertisers or their service providers is not covered by this Privacy Policy nor is it within our control . If you would like to learn more about interest based advertising or if you would like to opt out of having interest-based information collected during your visits to this Site or other web sites , please click here We participate in ad remarketing programs delivered currently through our vendor Google and possibly other similar networks in the future . Our third party vendors , including Google , use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to the Total Beauty Site . You may opt out of Google 's use of cookies by clicking here to learn more about Blue Kai 's business practices and privacy policies , including how to decline participation in these programs . Generally , we may use information that we collect about you to : deliver the products , services and newsletters that you have requested ; deliver a quality shopping experience ; process your purchases and send you administrative messages regarding the process of such purchases ; manage your account and provide you with customer support ; communicate with you by e-mail about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or other third parties ; Tracking email invitations ; Tracking your purchase history ; give away product samples to users who are willing to have their personal information shared with the product manufacturers ; verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes ; develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our Site and other web sites ; perform research and analysis about your use of , or interest in , our service , or content , or products , services or content offered by others ; manage our business ; enforce our terms and conditions ; and perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection . Information such as your full name , profile photo and any personally identifiable information you have included in your reviews may be shown to other users primarily in conjunction with product reviews and ratings you have contributed . In addition , we may sell or license your reviews to third parties , in which case your first name and last initial and any personally identifiable information you have included in your reviews may be shown to users of such third party web sites . Your postings will be displayed on publicly-viewable web pages , and whenever you disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages , that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others . For example , if you post your email address , you may receive unsolicited messages . We can not control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post , so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information . We may share personal or other information we have collected about you or your activities on our Site or while using our services under the following circumstances . Personal information We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated below or when we inform you and give you the opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared ( see below Controlling Your Personal Information ) . We may share your personal information in connection with sharing , selling or licensing your product reviews to third parties . Your first name and last initial , profile photo , and any personally identifiable information you have included in your reviews may be transferred to such third parties and displayed on their web sites in connection with such third parties ' publication of your reviews . We may share your information with our beauty brand partners ( Brand Partners ) in the course of your purchase of their Vouchers to help them process your redemption of their Vouchers . Any such redemption subjects the information provided to the participating Brand Partner to its privacy policy , and NOT this Privacy Policy . This may result in certain of our Brand Partners marketing to you directly . We do not have any responsibility for the actions of our Brand Partners nor do we have any liability to you for their actions . Total Beauty may share your information with third party businesses for their online marketing purposes ; but we do not disclose your personal information to any such third parties that may want to offer you their own products and services unless you have requested or authorized us to do so . We may provide our postal mailing list ( consisting of names and postal mailing addresses , but not email addresses ) to trusted third party businesses whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you . To identify products that we believe may be of interest to you , we may aggregate information you have given us ( demographic information , for example ) and information that we have collected ( such as past purchase history ) available from our records and other sources . We may share your personal information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf . These services may include supporting our Site functionality , supporting contests , sweepstakes , surveys and other features offered through our Site , and filling orders and customer support . These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes . We may disclose your personal information to strategic partners with which we undertake traffic linking arrangements or co-branded promotions . We may disclose your personal information in response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand , a court order , or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law . In such cases , we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us . We may disclose your personal information when we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate , prevent , or take other action regarding illegal activity , suspected fraud or other wrongdoing ; to protect and defend the rights , property or safety of our company , our users , our employees , or others ; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement ; or to enforce our Site 's terms and conditions or other agreements or policies . We may disclose your information to subsidiaries and affiliates of Total Beauty . We may disclose your personal information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of our business , a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy . The personal information which you provide to us is an asset of Total Beauty and may be included in the assets transferred in the event of a substantial corporate transaction . There are a number of places on our Site where you may click on a hyperlink to access other web sites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy . Any third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may have their own privacy policies which describe how they use and disclose personal information . Those policies will govern use , handling and disclosure of your personal information once we have shared it with those third parties as described in this Privacy Policy . If you want to learn more about their privacy practices , we encourage you to visit the web sites of those third parties . These entities or their servers may be located either inside or outside the United States . Total Beauty will notify you when information about you may be provided to third parties in ways other than explained above , and you will have the option to prevent such information sharing . Aggregated and Non-Personal Information We may share aggregated and non-personal information we collect under any of the above circumstances . We may also share it with third parties to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our Site and on third-party web sites . We may combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-personal information collected from other sources . We also may share aggregated information with third parties , including advisors , advertisers and investors , for the purpose of conducting general business analysis . For example , we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our Site and the most popular areas and features of our Site . This information does not contain any personal information and may be used to develop content and new services that we hope you and other users will find of interest and to target content and advertising . We hire vendors , including Google , to undertake our remarketing program , which allows us to communicate with people who have previously visited key pages on the Total Beauty Site . These third party vendors , may show Total Beauty ads on sites on the internet and use cookies to serve ads based on a user 's prior visits to the Total Beauty Site . Other From time to time , we may use your information for new , unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this Privacy Policy . If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward . If you are concerned about how your information is used , you should check back at our Site periodically . We encourage you to generate and submit product reviews and ratings regarding beauty products on our Site . Our Site also features areas where you may access other interactive features such as bulletin boards . Such postings are governed by our Terms of Use . In addition , such postings may appear on other web sites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting . Also , whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages , that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others . For example , if you post your email address , you may receive unsolicited messages . We can not control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post , so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information . This Site contains integrations with other sites such as Facebook or Twitter , and there are a number of places on our Site where you may click on a hyperlink to access these sites and other web sites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy . For example , if you click on an advertisement on our Site , you may be taken to a web site that we do not control . These third-party web sites may independently solicit and collect information , including personal information , from you and , in some instances , provide us with information about your activities on those web sites . We recommend that you consult the privacy policies of all third-party web sites you visit by clicking on the " privacy " link typically located at the bottom of the web page you are visiting . You may elect not to provide us with certain information , but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our Site because such information may be required in order for you to register as a member or user ; submit product ratings and reviews ; participate in a contest , promotion , survey , sweepstakes or samples give-away ; make purchases ; ask a question ; or initiate certain other transactions on our Site . If you are a registered user of our Site , you may update your personal information simply by signing in and going to " My Account " from our home page . You can make changes to your account information at any time . To protect your privacy and security , we will also verify your identity before granting access or making corrections . You may also contact us to communicate any questions or concerns . More information about how to contact us is provided below . At any time you can choose to no longer receive commercial or promotional emails or newsletters from us by logging in with your account information , clicking on the " My Account " link , then clicking on the " My Settings " link and adjusting those items of your communication settings you would like to update . You also will be given the opportunity , in any commercial e-mail that we send to you , to opt out of receiving such messages in the future . We may however send you other types of transactional and relationship e-mail communications , such as service announcements , administrative notices , and surveys , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them . You may however continue to receive email invitations from your friends and additional Total Beauty communications while Total Beauty processes your opt-out request . We take appropriate security measures ( including physical , electronic and procedural measures ) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure . For instance , only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information , and they may do so only for permitted business functions . The Site encrypts your credit card number and other personal information using secure socket layer ( SSL ) technology to provide for the secure transmission of the information from your PC to our servers . In addition , we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information . However , although we take steps to secure your information , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information , searches , or other communications will always remain secure . Most of our Site is a general audience site , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 . You must be 18 to use certain portions of our site , for instance where ecommerce activities are accessible . We do not knowingly collect any personal information from anyone under 18 in those portions of our site . 9 . Visiting from outside the United States This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on our Site from residents of the United States . If you are visiting our Site from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored , and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated . The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country . By using our services , you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy . Our goal is to respect your privacy . If you have any questions , comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy , you may contact us by email at privacy @ totalbeauty.com or by postal mail to :  Total Beauty Media , Inc. , 3420 Ocean Park Blvd , Suite 3050 Santa Monica , CA 90405 Attn : Privacy Officer Total Beauty welcomes your comments and questions . If you are a resident of California , in addition to the rights set forth above , you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes . California law gives you the right to send us a request at a designated address to receive the following information :  the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year ; the names and addresses of the third parties that received that information ; and if the nature of the third party 's business can not be determined from their name , examples of the products or services marketed . We may provide this information in a standardized format that is not specific to you . The designated email address for these requests is legal @ totalbeauty.com . Last updated on March 15 , 2012 . 2008 - 2013 Total Beauty Media , Inc . All rights reserved . Interest Based Advertising Information and Opt-out Interest based advertising uses information collected by third parties across multiple web sites that you visit in order to predict your preferences and show you ads that are most likely to be of interest to you . If you would like to learn more about " interest based advertising " ( also called " online behavioral advertising " ) please click on any of the links below :  www.aboutads.info/consumers The IAB 's Privacy Matters website The NAI 's Learn More page The Total Beauty web site ( the " Site " ) uses several vendors that implement interest based advertising including Google , Adroll and possibly other similar networks in the future . The use of your information by these third parties is not subject to Total Beauty 's privacy policy . You should click on either of the links below to inform yourself about their respective privacy policies and their information collection and use practices . Google privacy policy Adroll Privacy policy You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our Site and other web sites . If you would like to opt out of our vendors ' and other third parties ' use of cookies on your browser , please click on either of the links below . Google opt-out Adroll opt out Alternatively , you may click on the link below to review the third parties using cookies for interest based advertising on your browser and opt out of some or all of these third parties ' use of cookies . http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp Please note : If your browser is set to block third party cookies , these opt out features may not operate or display properly . Note also that if you wish to opt out of interest based advertising :  You will need to opt out on each device and each browser that you use to access this Site . You will no longer receive interest based ads on this Site , but you will still see the same number of ads as before , but they likely will not be as relevant to your interests . If you delete your browser cookies , you will need to return to this page and opt out again if you wish to remain opted out from interest based advertising . For more information regarding what information Total Beauty collects and how that information is used and shared , please click here to visit our Privacy Policy . 
PRIVACY POLICY We are strongly committed to protecting your privacy and providing a safe online experience for all of our users while offering the highest quality user experience . By using www.tonyrobbins.com ( the " Website " ) , you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy . Because we gather certain types of information about and from you , we believe it is important that you understand our collection and use of this information . This Privacy Policy discloses what information we gather , how we use it , how to correct or change it , and what steps we take to safeguard personal information provided to us both online and offline . Please read the complete Privacy Policy below , as well as our Terms of Use , and contact us if you have any questions . You can visit our Website , read materials , and browse the Website 's contents without giving us any personally identifiable information . In order to provide you with the most efficient and enhanced personalized service and attention , and to accommodate certain requests which you make , we request information about you in certain circumstances and collect certain information automatically . INFORMATION YOU VOLUNTEER We collect personally identifiable information that you enter on the Website or otherwise volunteer to us ( such as your name , e-mail address , credit card number , home address , phone number , and/or similar information ) , when you contact us to , among other things , make purchases or request information . You can choose not to provide certain information , but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features . We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests , customizing future experiences for you , improving our operations , and communicating with you . INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us . For example , like many web sites , we use " cookies " and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our Website or advertisements and other content served by us or on our behalf on other web sites . We may also automatically collect your Internet Protocol and referring web site addresses , browser type and domain name . This information helps facilitate your online experience on our Website . We use " cookies " to track usage patterns on our Website and to control the display of ads , as well as to offer other functionalities . You can turn off cookies , but that will affect your online experience . Please see below for more detail on cookies . We use collected information to evaluate and administer our Website , fulfill your requests , respond to any future problems , such as difficulties in navigating our Website or accessing certain features , and to gauge user trends . As in any transaction , when you purchase products or make a donation by credit card , your credit card company will have all relevant information about the name of the vendor , item ( s ) purchased , date , total cost and other information necessary to process the transaction . We will not otherwise provide any personal data to your credit card company without your permission . We and our technical and fulfillment agents , partners and consultants follow carefully proscribed procedures to safeguard credit card data in connection with your transactions and adhere to certain legal requirements . Personal information is available to us and the technical and fulfillment agents , partners and consultants who make our Website available to you . Anonymous information is available to our affiliates , sponsors and partners . Website hosting firms , technical and database consultants , advertising agencies , order processing partners , and other third parties may have access to personally identifiable information in the course of making our Website and its contents available . All companies working for and with us must comply with our privacy policies , and are not permitted to sell your information to third parties or to use it except as authorized by us and you , or as permitted or required by law . We reserve the right to use or disclose any information without notice or consent for the following purposes : as needed to satisfy any law , regulation or legal request ; to conduct investigations of consumer complaints or possible breaches of law ; to protect the integrity of our Website and our property ; to protect the safety of our visitors or others ; to fulfill your requests ; or to cooperate in any legal investigation . Your web browser offers so-called " cookies " which , if you allow their use , store small amounts of data on your computer when you visit a web site . Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information about you and therefore can not be used to identify you personally . However , cookies assist us in tracking which of our features you like best and make it easier to use our Website . You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your browser . Our Website is viewable even if you disable the cookie function on your browser . However , if you disable cookies , some advanced and customized features or offerings will not be available to you . You may unsubscribe to any of our online e-mail updates by following the unsubscribe instructions in the body of any e-mail message . We will take commercially reasonable steps to implement your opt-out requests promptly ; but you may still receive promotional information from us by mail for up to 60 days due to printing and mailing schedules , and up to 10 days for e-mail . You may also continue to receive information from those third parties to whom your information was previously disclosed . We incorporate standard industry practices internally and with our service providers , which we believe suits the degree of sensitivity of the information involved to maintain the security of your personal information and to avoid its disclosure except as described in this Privacy Policy . Although we have implemented systems and procedures to secure the data maintained by us , security during Internet transmissions can never be assured . Our policy is to limit access to personal data to those employees or agents with a specific need to access or retrieve this information . We store data on multiple service systems , in controlled environments . To maintain security , we conduct internal reviews of our security measures on a regular basis . Our Website and the servers that make this Website available worldwide are located in the United States . The Internet laws in the United States govern all matters relating to this Website . Any information you provide in subscribing to our Website or registering or ordering at our Website will be transferred to the United States . By visiting our Website and submitting information , you authorize this transfer , processing and use . Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates ' direct marketing purposes . That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared , along with their names and addresses . If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the following address : Robbins Research International , Inc. , 9888 Carroll Centre Road , Suite 100 , San Diego , CA 92126 . In your request , please specify that you want a " Your California Privacy Rights Notice " . Please allow at least 30 days for a response . We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users and to comply with a changing environment . We recommend that you check the Privacy Policy when you visit our Website to be sure that you are aware of and understand our current policy . If we make material changes to this policy , or in how we use or collect your personally identifiable information , we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change . We will not make any retroactive material changes in how we handle previously collected personal information unless you allow us to do so , or unless we are legally required to do so , and in such a case we will e-mail registered Website visitors information on material changes to this Privacy Policy . CONDITIONS OF USE , NOTICES , AND REVISIONS If you choose to visit our Website , your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms of Use , including limitations on damages , resolution of disputes , and application of the law of the State of California . If you have any concern about privacy at our Website , please contact us with a thorough description , and we will try to resolve it . As our business changes , our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use may change also . We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , unless you have instructed us not to , but you should check our Website frequently to see recent changes . Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account . We will not materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without the consent of affected user . We are strongly committed to protecting the safety and privacy of children who visit our Website . We do not knowingly collect personal information online from children under 13 and have adopted techniques to ensure compliance with this Privacy Policy and the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( " COPPA " ) . COPPA and its accompanying regulations under United States federal law protect the privacy of children using the Internet . Our Website includes content that we believe to be unsuitable for children under 13 and which are not necessarily monitored . We encourage all parents to talk to their children about online safety and to monitor their children 's use of the Internet . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices , please e-mail us at support @ tonyrobbins.com . Please include the URL of the Website involved in your request . Or you can contact us by mail at :  Robbins Research International , Inc. 9888 Carroll Centre Road Suite 100 San Diego , CA 92126 Updated March 2010 
Internet Privacy Policy The American Cancer Society ( ACS ) respects the privacy of every individual who visits www.cancer.org ( Web site ) . This notice explains our online information practices . Because your privacy is important to us , we provide you with notice and choices about the collection and use of your information . To make this notice easy to find , links are provided at the bottom of our homepage and on every page within our Web site . Additionally , each page that requests personally identifiable information reminds you of the importance of your privacy and provides a link to the privacy policy . By visiting ACS at www.cancer.org , you accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice . You may click on any underlined word to receive a more in-depth explanation of the term . We use cookies , small files that are sent to your Web browser and stored on your computer 's hard drive , to improve your Web site experience . The cookie is used to speed up your access to the Web site and the information you wish to see , but it does not contain any personal information . The majority of Web browsers accept cookies , but the help menu on your browser should give you options for preventing , accepting , or receiving notice of new cookies . However , please be aware that if you block cookies , some Web site functionality may be lost . We collect two types of information : Standard Web server traffic pattern information . General traffic , site usage , browser information and length of stay information is collected and stored in log files . This type of information is shared externally only on an aggregated basis . Personal information . We do not collect personally identifiable information from you unless you provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly . If you personalize a Web site , volunteer , order a book , request information , or donate , for example , we may collect the following information : first and last name , street address , city , state , zip code , telephone number , email address , and subject of inquiry . Personal information may be needed for certain optional online activities :  Registration : If you choose to customize the Web site to your needs by becoming a registered www.cancer.org Web user , we retain the preferences you select so that you will not have to reenter the information each time you access our Web site . These preferences may include requests for email , news , information on specific cancer types , language preferences , and interest group selections ( patient , medical professional , volunteer ) . You can access your profile by entering your user name and password each time you use the Web site . You are not required , however , to enter your name or mailing address . If you register to participate in an ACS event , such as Relay For Life or Making Strides Against Breast Cancer , using our event registration site , we may ask you if you are a cancer survivor . This information is useful for event purposes . Further , if you elect to use our referral service to inform a friend about the event registration site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and address . We will store this information in order to send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site . Book orders : If you choose to order a book , we collect standard credit card information ( card number , card type , expiration date ) and keep a record of your financial transaction . Credit card numbers are held only until the charge can be processed ( usually several minutes ) , then the number is only available to Customer Service for purposes of problem resolution . Contributions : If you choose to donate to our organization , we maintain a record of your contribution . Your financial information will be treated as described above in Book orders . Requests : If you submit an online request for ACS products such as free brochures , or submit a question through a contact us query , we may have to gather additional information from you to respond to your request . Such information will vary with the request but often includes name , shipping address , telephone number , and email address . Public Forums : If you choose to participate in a chat room , discussion board , news group or another public forum that we make available to our users , please remember that any information that you disclose in these areas becomes public information . You should exercise caution when deciding whether or not to disclose your personal information . Letter to Congress : If you choose to generate an email to your Congressional representative on our site , we receive a blind copy of the email . We may use your letter or information from your letter to further educate Members of Congress about our cancer advocacy priorities . We limit the use of information provided to us on our Web site to the following :  If you do not make a service request , donation , purchase , or otherwise identify yourself , we will have no personally identifiable information about you . We will only use aggregate information derived , in part , from your use of our site to improve our site and our service to you . If you provide personal information , we may enter your name into our constituent database and contact you in order to : Complete voluntary surveys seeking feedback for quality and service improvement purposes . Supply you with information including cancer related health news , ACS programs , events and services . Request voluntary time or monetary contributions to ACS . Request your participation in an ACS research study . We collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us by email . Inquiries may be forwarded to the appropriate ACS department for response and may be entered into our constituent database . If your name is entered into the database , we may contact you ( see ( 2 ) above ) . Your health-related information is privileged and confidential and will not be shared or released to any organization or business entity other than those affiliated with or working in conjunction with ACS as follows : We use third parties to provide you with the following services : Cancer Profiler : Disclosure of personal information is optional when using the cancer profiler . Additional services offered by NexCura are covered by their privacy policy and may require payment and disclosure . Clinical Trials : If you are considering clinical trial participation and would like to use the American Cancer Society Clinical Trials Matching Service , you must register with www.cancer.org and complete a screening questionnaire . This service is offered through a partnership between the American Cancer Society and the Coalition of Cancer Cooperative Groups . As part of the matching process , the Society and the Coalition will share your information with each other . If requested , the Society will then contact you to discuss the details or provide further information . We occasionally make our constituent names and postal addresses available to other reputable non-profit organizations . We have found this to be the most cost-effective method of increasing our database of potential constituents and hope that you value the information they send you . Your name is only available to these carefully screened organizations for a limited time and it is de-identified , such that it is not associated with the American Cancer Society . Other organizations will not have continued access to your name and address unless you choose to respond to their initial mailing . We do not share email addresses or health related data . Information gathered as part of Cancer Profiler or Clinical Trials ( above ) is not shared . We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf . We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service and prohibit them from using that information for any other purpose . We have relationships with companies that conduct charitable sales promotions and commercial coventures that support us in our mission and activities . If you provide us with your mailing address , we may pass your contact information to these companies so that they may ask you if you are interested in receiving their services . Your choice to use their services will benefit us ; the amount of money we receive from these entities as a result of your participation is disclosed at the time you are contacted about the service . You are under no obligation to respond and the companies are restricted from using your contact information for any other purpose . Information gathered as part of Cancer Profiler or Clinical Trials ( above ) is not shared . We respect your privacy and allow you to restrict internal and external sharing of your personal information . We recognize that you may wish to limit the ways in which we contact you and we offer the following options :  Do not contact me by telephone . Do not contact me by postal mail . Do not contact me by email . Do not share my contact information with other non-profit organizations . Do not contact me with fundraising requests supporting the American Cancer Society . Limit your fundraising appeals to semiannual solicitations only . Do not contact me or share my information with anyone . For more information on how to inform us of any desired restrictions , please click on the following link : opt out . If you contact us with an opt-out request , all reasonable efforts will be taken to ensure that you will not receive any of the selected communications from us in the future . If you do not wish to opt out at this time , you may do so at a later date should you so desire . If you opt back into a specific service , you will receive communication in that manner , regardless of your overall opt out selections . These services may include newsletter subscriptions or email communication by asking a question using Contact Us . Upon request , we will provide you with the information we maintain about you so that you may request corrections . This information will be sent via postal mail , which we believe is the most secure method of communication . Please contact us by email at privacyrequest @ cancer.org or in writing at :  Security and Privacy Requests The American Cancer Society National Cancer Information Center 11701 Stonehollow Dr Austin , TX 78758 To protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before providing information or making corrections . We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information and to honoring your choices for its intended use . To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy , and ensure the correct use of information , we strive to maintain physical , electronic , and administrative safeguards . We process your financial transactions securely using the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard ( " PCI DSS " ) ( the credit card industry 's most stringent security standard ) . Examples of our security measures include : physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards ; sophisticated security monitoring tools ; documented security policies ; use of strong encryption ( e.g. , SSL ) for transmissions of Order Information to and from our credit card processor ; restricted access of personally identifiable information ; and , periodic security audits . Inside ACS , data is stored in password-controlled servers . Our staff and volunteers are educated about the importance of safeguarding your information and we are committed to holding them accountable for protecting your confidentiality . However , such precautions do not guarantee that our Web site is invulnerable to all security breaks . ACS makes no warranty , guarantee , or representation that the use of our Web site is protected from viruses , security threats , or other vulnerabilities and that your information will always be secure . Whenever ACS permits an external third party to access personally-identifiable information , appropriate procedures are followed to help ensure that the information is used only for authorized purposes and by authorized persons in a manner consistent with the choices ACS constituents have made under this statement , and that the security , integrity and privacy of the information is maintained . While ACS will employ procedures to help ensure that your information is only used for authorized purposes as described above , we can not make any guarantees with respect to the actions or policies of such third parties . Internal Links Because of the various programs and services at ACS , there are several privacy notices to inform our constituents of policies specific to the activity in which they are participating . Please click on any one of the following links to learn more :  Cancer Survivors Network Continuing Medical Education : Online Database External Links Our privacy policies apply only to your use of the ACS Web site . This site contains links to other sites , including sites that have a special relationship with us . We do not disclose personably identifiable information to those operating linked sites and we are not responsible for their privacy practices . Links to other sites do not imply an endorsement of the materials or policies on those Web sites . You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you . This privacy statement will be updated periodically and posted on our Web site . It applies only to our on-line practices and does not encompass other areas of the organization . Please click on one of the links provided under Internal Links to read other ACS privacy statements . It applies to the on-line practices of ACS and its chartered Divisions located throughout the country . References to " American Cancer Society " , " ACS " , " we " , " us " and " our " are references to American Cancer Society , Inc. and its affiliates , staff and volunteers . We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by posting revisions . You agree to review the Privacy Policies each time you use our Web site so that you are aware of any modifications . By accessing or using the Web site , you agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of the ACS Privacy Policy as posted at the time of your access or use . If you have any questions about our policy or our compliance , you may send us an email at privacyrequest @ cancer.org or write to :  Security and Privacy Requests The American Cancer Society National Cancer Information Center 11701 Stonehollow Dr Austin , TX 78758 We reserve the right to update this policy at any time . If a material change is made to the policy , we will email all registered users at the email address provided at time of registration . 
Privacy PolicyPrint this page Internet Brands , Inc. and its subsidiaries operate websites , provide services through mobile and other applications , and develop software . We refer to these as " our sites and services. "  In this privacy policy , we refer to Internet Brands , Inc. as " Internet Brands , " " our , " " us , " or " we. "  This privacy policy applies to our websites and mobile and interactive applications on which we display or post a direct link to this privacy policy . This privacy policy does not apply to those sites and services that do not display or link to this privacy policy , or that have their own privacy policies . However , we often acquire new companies to expand our business . Some acquired companies may operate under their own privacy policies until we integrate their privacy practices with ours . This privacy policy covers what information we collect and why we collect it , how we use the information we collect , and the choices you have to access and update that information . Please familiarize yourself with our practices and let us know if you have any questions . If you do not agree to this privacy policy , please do not use our sites or services . Personal information is information that can be used to identify , locate , or contact an individual , and includes other information that may be associated with personal information . When you interact with our sites and services , depending on the site or service , we may ask for the following personal information directly from you :  Contact Information allows us to communicate with you and generally includes your name , addresses , email addresses , social media website user account names , and/or telephone numbers Payment Information needed to process payments such as your credit or debit card number , expiration date , and card verification number Personal Profile Information helps us with the administration and personalization of your personal profiles , such as areas of interest , information from social media interactions ( such as Facebook Connect or Google+ ) , preferences , physical characteristics ( such as height , weight ) , photographs , biographical , health information and/or demographic information ( such as gender , age , birthday ) Transaction Information about how you interact with and use our sites and services , email , other communications , and applications ; and how you interact with merchants , business partners , and service providers Geographic Location Information but only if your mobile or other device transmits location data and/or your IP address , and you have activated one of our mobile applications or visited one of our sites Job-Search-Related Information for recruitment purposes and may include educational and employment background , driver 's license number and social security number In each of the above instances , you will know what personal information we collect through our sites and services because you voluntarily and directly provide it . We may use information collected from you in one or more of the following ways : to enable site features such as geographically specific pricing or logging , and retrieving and providing analysis of data you choose to enter into the site to send you important notices , such as communications about changes to your account , and our sites and services ' terms , conditions , or policies to solicit input and feedback to improve our sites and services and customize your user experience to enable you to communicate with other website subscribers via private messaging or other site-specific communications channels to meet contractual obligations to send you reminders , technical notices , updates , security alerts , and support and administrative messages service bulletins to inform you about new products or promotional offers , and to provide advertisements to you through our sites , email messages , text messages , applications , or other methods of communication to manage our sites ' administration , forum management , or fulfillment to provide customer service and technical support to administer surveys , sweepstakes , giveaways , contests , or similar promotions or events sponsored by us or our partners to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities , enforce our sites ' terms of use or to comply with the law for internal purposes such as auditing , data analysis , and research to improve our products , services , and communications , and to allow you to apply for a job or sign up for special offers from third parties through our sites . In addition to the uses described above , we may use personal information that we collect for other purposes that are disclosed to you at the time we collect the information , or with your consent . We may share personal information about you with third parties in the following circumstances : We may engage third parties to perform services on our behalf , including maintenance services , analytics and data analysis , payment processing , assisting in marketing efforts , email and text message distribution , customer service and conducting surveys . Your personal information , and the contents of all of your online communications on or through our sites and services may be accessed and monitored as necessary to operate our sites and perform our services , and may be disclosed : to satisfy any applicable laws or regulations , to defend ourselves in litigation or a regulatory action , in order to protect the rights or property of Internet Brands and our subsidiaries , including to enforce our sites ' terms of use , when we have a good faith belief that we are required to disclose the information in response to legal process ( for example , a subpoena , court order , or search warrant ) , where we believe our sites and services are being used in the commission of a crime , including to report such criminal activity or to exchange information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and risk management , and when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the health and/or safety of you , another person or the public generally . In the event of a merger , acquisition , debt financing , sale of Internet Brands ' assets by or with another company , or a similar corporate transaction takes place , we may need to disclose and transfer all information about you , including personal information , to the successor company . We may share information about you with Internet Brands ' subsidiaries and affiliates . Some of our services are co-branded by Internet Brands and other companies with which we partner . If you register to or use such a service , both our privacy policy and the partner 's privacy policy may be displayed and apply . If that is the case , both Internet Brands and the partner will receive personal information you provide . We may share personal information about you for any other purpose ( s ) disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or with your consent . We may also collect certain technical information when you use our sites and services . For example , our servers receive and automatically collect information about your computer and browser , including for instance your IP address , browser type , domain name from which you accessed the site or service , and other software or hardware information . If you access our sites and services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device ( UDID ) , type of device , general GPS location , or other transactional information for that device in order to serve content to it . In addition , we may collect information about how you use our sites such as the date and time you visit the sites , the areas or pages of the sites that you visit , the amount of time you spend viewing the sites , the number of times you return to the sites , and other click-stream data . Some of this data may be shared with partners who referred you to our site ( s ) and who will use the data to optimize who else they refer to our site ( s ) . Also , sometimes this data can be shared with partners who help us deliver ads to you on websites not controlled by us , for instance , when we put a pixel on a conversion page on our site and a marketing partner uses that to optimize what traffic they send to us , or using another example , when we create a re-targeting list through DFP Small Business by Google or placing a partners ' pixel on our sites , and then delivering targeted ads across the Internet . We also may use cookies and other tracking technologies ( including browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology ) . You can set your browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer or limit the type of cookies you allow . Adobe Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies and cookie management tools available in a web browser may not remove flash cookies . If you disable cookies , you may lose some of the features and functionality of our sites and services . Please note that companies delivering advertisements on our sites may also use cookies or other technologies , and those practices are subject to their own policies . You can opt out of being targeted by certain third party advertising companies online by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative , Omniture , Aperture , PrivacyChoice and/or Digital Advertising Alliance . In general , we use these technologies to remember you when you return to our sites , to understand and analyze trends , to monitor usage and administer the sites , to learn about user behavior on the sites and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole , to customize content or offers on our sites and through our services , and to conduct research to improve our sites , content and services . You may choose to publicly disclose personal information about yourself and others in the course of ( i ) contributing user generated content ( for instance articles , blogs , reviews or podcasts ) , ( ii ) communicating with others in our online forums , communities or chat rooms , ( iii ) creating user profiles for public view , or ( iv ) posting images , photos or videos . Be aware , information that you voluntarily disclose in any of these areas of our sites is unencrypted , public information and therefore , there can be no expectation of privacy or confidentiality . Any personal information you submit in the course of interacting in these public activities can be read , collected , or used by other users . Prior to posting in these areas , we encourage you to read the specific site 's terms of use , as we are not responsible for the personal information you choose to make public in any of these areas . We encourage you to keep your personal information updated and accurate . We provide you reasonable access to your personal information and the ability to review , correct or delete it . For instance , some of our sites and services give you the ability to view and/or edit your personal information online . The methods for accessing your personal information will depend on which sites or services you use and their features . You have several choices , for instance :  To view and change the personal information that you directly provided to us , you can return to the web page on our site where you originally submitted the data and follow the instructions on that web page . You may correct or update your account information at any time by logging on the site on which you are registered and navigating to your account . You may deactivate your profile at any time by visiting the preferences page for your profile . You may close your account at any time by logging on the site on which you are registered and navigating to your account . You can manage certain aspects of information collection and use by going to the settings of your mobile device and reviewing the permissions of each application . You may stop further use of your geo-location by visiting your device 's settings for the relevant application . You may change your email preferences at any time by visiting your email preferences page for the relevant site . If you have additional questions about your options , contact us . Protecting your privacy and security is important and we also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to your data . Please be aware that certain records and information will be retained for specific purposes such as legal , payment , accounting , technical , dispute resolution , enforcement of our sites and services ' terms of use , or customer service . If you have posted comments or user generated content on our site , we may not be able to delete it . Further , we take no responsibility for removing or editing any of your public activities or any submissions or content that is a result of your public activities , except as provided in this privacy policy or the sites or services ' terms of use . We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) . We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy , unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law . Opting Out of Requested Communications Requested communications include , for instance , email newsletters or software updates that may be expressly requested by you or which you consented to receive . After you request such communications , you may " opt out " of receiving them by using one of the following methods :  Select the email " opt out " or " unsubscribe " link , or follow the opt-out instructions included in each email communication . To unsubscribe from text messages delivered to mobile devices , reply to the message with the words " STOP " or " END. "  Return to the web page ( s ) where you originally registered your preferences and follow the opt-out instructions . Contact us . Please provide your name , contact information , and specific relevant information that you no longer wish to receive . Opting Out of General or Promotional Communications General communications provide information about products , services , and/or support and may include special offers , new product information , or invitations to participate in market research . You may opt out of receiving these general communications by using one of the following methods :  Select the email " opt out " or " unsubscribe " link , or follow the opt-out instructions included in each email communication . To unsubscribe from text messages delivered to mobile devices , reply to the message with the words " STOP " or " END. "  Contact us . Please provide your name , relevant contact information , and specific relevant information about your privacy preferences . We have implemented reasonable and appropriate administrative , physical , technical and data security procedures and controls to safeguard your personal information against unauthorized access , disclosure , loss , misuse and alteration . No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however . We can not assume responsibility or liability for unauthorized access to our servers and systems . We use third-party service providers to manage credit card and payment processing . These service providers are not permitted to store , retain , or use billing Information except for the sole purpose of credit card and payment processing on our behalf . When you enter payment information we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer ( SSL ) technology and do not store it on our systems . Our sites and services may link to other sites or services operated by Internet Brands ' affiliates or third parties , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , newsletters , contests or sweepstakes , or applications developed and maintained by third parties . We do not exercise control over third party sites . We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties . Once you leave our sites or services via a link , enable a third-party service , or click an advertisement , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third-party 's site . The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement , authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party , nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices . We may also provide social media features on our sites and services that enable you to share personal information with your social network ( s ) and to interact with our sites and services . Depending on the features , your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of personal information about you . We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media site ( s ) with which you interact . Our sites and services are intended for general audiences and are not targeted to children under 13 . We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 . If you are under 13 , please do not disclose or provide any information . If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 , we will take steps to promptly delete the information . We are headquartered in the United States . Our sites and services are hosted in the United States or hosted with cloud service providers who are headquartered in the United States . If you are located outside the United States , be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of our sites and services , may be processed in and transferred to and stored in the United States and will be subject to U.S. law . U.S. privacy and data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws of your country of residence . By using our sites and services or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , transfer , storage , and processing of information to and in the United States . We do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure , typically by " opting in " to receive information from a third party that is participating in a sweepstakes or other promotion on one of our sites , for example . If you ask us to share your personal information with a third party for its marketing purposes , we will only share information in connection with that specific promotion , since we do not share information with any third party ( other than our service providers ) on an ongoing basis . To prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party , do not " opt in " to such use when you provide personal information on one of our sites . Users residing in certain jurisdictions , like California , have a right to access personal information held by us about them and their right of access can be exercised in accordance with applicable law . California law requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California residents asking about the business ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the resident has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing . We have such a policy in place . California residents may request further information about our approach to this law by writing to us . When writing to us , you must put the statement " Your California Privacy Rights " in the body or subject line of your request , and include ( i ) the name of the site about which you are contacting us , ( ii ) any unique site identifier associated with you ( like member number or forum handle ) , ( iii ) your name , and ( iv ) your contact information . Please submit requests using our Privacy Contact form and allow 30 days for a response . We will not accept requests via the telephone , mail , or by facsimile , and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or that do not have complete information . If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or our practices you can contact us or write to us at Internet Brands , Inc. , Privacy Office , 909 N. Sepulveda Blvd. , 11th Floor , El Segundo , California 90245 U.S.A. Please be sure to identify the specific website , software or service about which you have a question or concern and how we can contact you . We may revise this privacy policy from time to time and if we do , we will update it on this page and modify the " Last Updated " date . If our information practices change in a significant way , you will be provided notice by means of notice on our sites . Last Updated : June 12 , 2012 
Vitals Privacy Policy The Vitals.com website and the Vitals mobile application ( collectively , the " Site " ) is provided to You by MDx Medical , Inc. , including any of its related , affiliated and/or subsidiary companies ( individually and collectively , " MDx , " " Vitals , " " We " or " Us " ) . The following Privacy Policy applies to the Site and all of the products and services offered by MDx on , through , or in connection with the Site ( collectively , the " Products and Services " ) . For convenience , the words " User , " " You " and " Your " as used in this Privacy Policy refer to all users of the Site , including , without limitation , anyone that accesses or visits the Site ; individuals seeking to utilize the Products and Services ; and physicians , long-term care facilities , hospitals , insurers and other providers of healthcare services and persons working on their behalves who input or post or edit profiles and other content , materials and information related to them ( collectivelyte and the Vitals mobile app , " Healthcare Providers " ) . Vitals recognizes that Your privacy and the protection of Your Personal Information ( as defined below ) is important to You , and , therefore , has adopted this Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy describes Vitals ' privacy practices and how Vitals treats the Personal Information that is provided by You when You use the Site or the Products and Services , including any Personal Information You provide if and when You register on or through the Site or create Your Vitals account . This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and all of the Products and Services . For the purposes of this Privacy Policy , " Personal Information " is information that ( i ) You voluntarily provide to Vitals , and ( ii ) that personally identifies You . Personal Information includes , but is not limited to , Your name , email or other address , billing and payment information and other data that can be used to personally identify or contact You . If You decide to utilize any of the Products and Services , including , for example and where available , scheduling an appointment with a Healthcare Provider through our website or mobile application , Your Personal Information may also contain sensitive personal information , including any confidential medical information ( such as your reason for scheduling the provider appointment ) that You voluntarily provide , as well as information collected by Vitals as a result of Your queries , searches , clickstreams and other website or mobile application navigation activities . " Aggregated Non-Personal Information " is information about some or all of the Users of the Products and Services , but unlike Personal Information , does not reflect or reference an individually identifiable User . Aggregated Non-Personal Information may be formed from Personal Information , but any of the Personal Information used to form the Aggregated Non-Personal Information has been processed to no longer reflect or reference an individually identifiable User . Vitals may obtain , collect , retain , store or otherwise maintain Your Personal Information from the following sources : Your Vitals Account . This information may include , for example , information You provide to Vitals through Your creation , registration and maintenance of an account on Vitals.com and/or the Vitals mobile application . Purchase of Products and Services : To the extent that We offer Products and Services for purchase on the Site , we may request that You provide Personal Information , a credit card account number and/or or other payment account information in order for You to access or purchase those Products and Services . Other Information You Provide to Vitals : Some of the Products and Services allow You to store Personal Information , such as Your Healthcare Providers , pharmacies , insurance information , emergency contact information , personal health information and related information . Personal Information that You may store through the mobile application by means of taking a photograph with Your mobile device ( for example , taking a photograph of Your health insurance card ) is stored exclusively on Your mobile device and is not stored or collected by Vitals . Accordingly , the safety , security and privacy of Your mobile device and the information and photographs that You store on it are Your responsibility and not the responsibility of Vitals . Interactive Products and Services : Some of the Products and Services allow You to interact with Healthcare Providers through the Site . These interactive Products and Services include , but are not limited to , scheduling appointments with Healthcare Providers . Per Your request to utilize these interactive Products and Services , We may obtain Personal Information ( such as the medical reasons for You scheduling the appointment ) that You voluntarily provide in connection with utilizing these interactive Products and Services . You understand and agree that Vitals may use and/or disclose such Personal Information to Healthcare Providers that You have selected in connection with providing You with the requested interactive Products and Services . Your Responses to Communications from Vitals : From time to time , Vitals may communicate with You through postal mail , email or other forms of electronic communications regarding Your Vitals account on the Site , inquiries you may make to Vitals customer service , the Products and Services and new Products and Services . If You respond to these communications , Your responses may contain Personal Information . You can decline to provide Your Personal Information to Us by not engaging in the activities described above , such as by not registering or creating a Vitals account on the Site . If you decline to submit Personal Information , Vitals may not be able to or may choose not to provide to You some or all of its Products and Services . Vitals also collects non-personally identifiable server-log information relating to its users . This information may include , but is not limited to , ( i ) Your Vitals account activity , including storage usage , number of log-ins , data displayed or selected , including user interface elements , links , etc , and ( ii ) Your web or mobile application request , Internet Protocol address ( " IP address " ) , browser type , browser language , browser programming language , computer or mobile device type , the date and time of your request , date and time of access , and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser and referrer Uniform Resource Locator ( " URL " ) . None of this information alone enables Vitals to personally identify or contact You . Vitals only uses Personal Information for the purposes and in the manner described in this Privacy Policy . Specifically , Vitals only uses Your Personal Information for :  Providing the Products and Services to You , including but not limited to , the processing , formatting and displaying of Personal Information , customized content and the delivery of customized Products and Services to You ; Auditing , research and analysis in order to maintain , protect and improve the Products and Services and the Site ; Ensuring the technical functioning of Vitals ' network and the Site , including creating and maintaining backups or other archival copies of Personal Information and other related data ; and/or Developing new Products and Services , which may include use of Personal Information by Vitals in connection with developing and offering to You customized Products and Services ( e.g. , postal mail , e-mail or other forms of electronic communications , such as " newsletters , " regarding specific health conditions , health education and/or disease prevention ) , which Products and Services may be supported by third-party advertising from Healthcare Providers and manufacturers , retailers and/or other service providers within the healthcare industry ( e.g. , pharmaceutical and/or medical device manufacturers , suppliers , or retailers ) . Vitals restricts access to Personal Information to those employees , contractors and agents of Vitals who need to access Personal Information for the purposes specified above . These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline , including termination , if they fail to meet these obligations . Except as otherwise set forth herein , Vitals does not share Your Personal Information with third parties without Your consent , except when We believe that it is reasonably necessary to do so in order to comply with a subpoena or other judicial order or process , as otherwise required by law or in order to enforce Vitals ' Terms of Use ( also known as a User Agreement ) for the Vitals website and mobile application ( " Terms of Use " ) . In such circumstances , Your Personal Information may also be disclosed to Vitals ' attorneys . Aggregated Non-Personal Information provided to or collected by Vitals may be provided to , shared with and used by third parties including third-party content providers , paid advertisers and licensees of the Products and Services . Vitals permits third-party advertising companies and networks to place paid advertisements that may be visible when You visit , use or access the Site . These companies and networks include , among others , third party ad servers , ad agencies , advertising networks , advertising technology vendors , and research firms . These companies and networks may use information ( not including your Personal Information ) relating to Your visits to , use or access of the Site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to You . In the course of serving advertisements to the Site , these companies and networks may place or recognize a unique " cookie " on your browser or within the code of the mobile application or use a " web beacon " . An example of such third-party ad networks are Google and DoubleClick . These third parties collect Aggregated Non-Personal Information about the Site 's users and provide auditing , research and reporting services and information for Vitals ' advertisers and other partners . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Google and/or DoubleClick , please visit http : //www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/ . If you would like more information about not having this information used by other companies , please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . You may also visit these sites from links included in the Privacy Policy posted on the Vitals.com website . If Vitals desires to use or share Your Personal Information for any purpose other than those described in this Privacy Policy ( as it may be amended from time to time ) , Vitals will request Your consent prior to such use and offer You an effective way to opt out of the use of Personal Information for those other purposes . If you opt out or otherwise decline to submit Personal Information in response to such a request , Vitals may not be able to provide to You all of its Products and Services or may have to terminate Your Vitals account , if maintenance of Your account is inconsistent with a use of Your Personal Information to which You are unwilling to consent . When You visit the Vitals.com website , We send to Your computer , and when You use the Vitals mobile application on Your mobile device ( such as a smartphone ) , We send to the code of the mobile application , one or more cookies , which are small files containing a string of characters . A cookie , among other things , uniquely identifies Your browser or Your mobile device , as applicable , and allows Vitals to " remember " Your mobile device and/or Your activities on the Vitals website . Vitals uses cookies to uniquely and anonymously identify computers and mobile devices of users of the Site . No Personal Information is collected or stored in these cookies . These cookies can not damage a user 's files , and can not read information from a user 's hard drive or mobile device . Vitals uses cookies to improve the quality of the Products and Services . Most browsers and mobile devices are initially set up to accept cookies but You can reset Your browser or the settings on Your mobile device to refuse all cookies . Some browsers also can be set to indicate when a cookie is being sent . Please note that some features of the Products and Services may not function properly , if at all , if Your computer or mobile device is set to refuse all cookies . Vitals is not a " covered entity " under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 , the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act ( " HITECH " ) and the regulations promulgated thereunder , in effect or as amended ( collectively , " HIPAA " ) . Although Vitals is not covered by HIPAA , We are committed to user privacy and have in place strict data security policies and measures , and ensure that users control access to their information . We let users know in this Privacy Policy what information we collect when they use the Site , how We use it , and how We keep it safe . On occasion , Vitals may act as a " Business Associate " of one or more Covered Entities ( e.g. , Healthcare Providers , such as doctors , hospitals or health plans ) as defined by HIPAA . In those instances , to the extent required by law , Vitals will both comply with the obligations imposed upon Business Associates and abide by the privacy policies of the Covered Entities . This Privacy Policy only addresses the Site and the Products and Services . This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other websites or mobile applications , including those that may link to or from any part of the Site or those from which you may be able to download or launch the Vitals mobile application . These other websites and/or mobile applications may have their own privacy policies and terms of use , which We encourage You to read . You should contact these websites or mobile application or service providers directly if You have any questions about their use of Your information . Vitals is not responsible for any use of Your information , including Your Personal Information , when You use or visit such third party websites , mobile applications and services . INFORMATION SHARING AND ONWARD TRANSFER Vitals reserves the right to sell , rent or otherwise share some or all of Your Personal Information with other companies or individuals outside of Vitals if :  You have consented to such sale , rental or sharing ; and/or Vitals becomes involved in a merger , acquisition , or any form of sale of all of its assets . In such circumstances , Vitals will provide notice before Personal Information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy . Vitals reserves the right to disclose Aggregated Non-Personal Information to third parties without prior notice to You . Your Personal Information may reside or be stored on third-party servers that are leased or rented by Vitals but this information is not otherwise shared with these third-party server providers or with any other third parties , except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy . Vitals takes reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of its data , including Personal Information stored or maintained on its servers and other systems . These measures include internal reviews of Vitals ' data collection , storage and processing practices and security measures , as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to servers and systems where Vitals stores personal data . Vitals processes Personal Information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Vitals though , must depend on You and our other users to provide , accurate , complete and current Personal Information and to update or correct their Personal Information whenever necessary . Vitals does not and can not monitor or pre-screen the Personal Information that You provide for accuracy and completeness but takes reasonable steps to ensure that We accurately process and maintain the Personal Information that You provide . Information You Provide When Registering For a Vitals Account You may change or update the e-mail address and password that You provided when You registered for Your Vitals account via the " settings " or " account settings " section of such account . If You registered separately for an account on both the Vitals website and the Vitals mobile application , changes or updates to registration information should be made separately on each account . You may terminate Your Vitals account by sending an e-mail with your account termination request to support @ vitals.com . Information You Store or Access When Using the Products and Services When you use the Products and Services , Vitals makes good faith efforts to provide you with access to Your Personal Information . You may organize or delete or change certain of the information that is entered or uploaded into Your account ( such as for patients , the names of Your Healthcare Providers , pharmacies , insurance information , emergency contact information , personal health information and related information , and such as for physicians , the address where Your practice is located , Your photograph and Your practice specialty ) via the section of Your account where the information is located . Where applicable , Vitals asks individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed , corrected or removed before processing such requests , and Vitals may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) , or for which access is not otherwise required . In any case , where Vitals provides information access and correction , Vitals provides this service free of charge , except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort . If you have any questions or want more information about accessing or updating Your Personal Information , please contact Vitals by e-mail to support @ vitals.com or by telephone to ( 201 ) 842-0760 . All deletions , changes or updates that you make to Your Personal Information will take immediate effect . Account terminations will also take immediate effect after Vitals receives and processes Your e-mail termination request . Except for deleted information that was stored exclusively on Your mobile device , residual copies of the deleted information , including terminated account information , may take up to sixty ( 60 ) days to be deleted from active servers and may remain in perpetuity in backup systems . Deleting the Vitals mobile application from Your mobile device will not terminate Your Vitals account but will delete any information that You stored through the mobile application by means of taking a photograph with Your mobile device ( " Stored Photographic Information " ) . Terminating Your Vitals account will not delete Stored Photographic Information unless You also delete the Vitals mobile application from Your mobile device . Please note though that according to the Terms of Use , Your Submissions to Vitals should not include any " personally identifiable information ( other than the name of the Healthcare Providers being reviewed ) . "  This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Information that You may nevertheless include in your Submissions and You may not be able to change or update any such Personal Information included in Your Submissions . Please direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or Vitals ' treatment of Personal Information by contacting Vitals at the address below . When Vitals receives formal written complaints at this address , its policy is to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns . Vitals will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of Personal Information that can not be resolved between an individual and Vitals . Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time . Vitals will post any changes on this page and if You have an account on the Vitals mobile application , You will be sent an update notice to Your mobile device . Vitals encourages You to check back and review this policy periodically so that You will always know what information we collect , how we use it , and to whom we disclose it . If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Policy , please contact us at :  Vitals Attn : Legal Department 210 Clay Avenue , Suite 140 Lyndhurst , NJ 07071 Email address support @ vitals.com California Civil Code Section 1798.83 allows users who are California residents to request certain information about the disclosure of their Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes . To make such a request , please contact us at support @ vitals.com . Vitals adheres to the United States of America safe harbor privacy principles of Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Security , Data Integrity , Access and Enforcement . For more information about the Safe Harbor framework , please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's website or http : //export.gov/safeharbor . If any provision of this Privacy Policy is found to be illegal , void , or unenforceable , that provision will be deemed severed from the balance of the agreement and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions , which will continue in full force and effect . This Privacy Policy was lasted updated on June 6th , 2012 . 
Privacy Policy and APA Website Security The American Psychological Association ( APA ) is committed to maintaining your trust , values your privacy and recognizes the sensitivity of your personal information . We work toward protecting the privacy of users of our website . We have carefully crafted this Privacy Policy to address concerns you might have , and to assure you that if you give us personal information , we will treat it carefully and appropriately . This Privacy Policy applies to the website available at www.apa.org and the mobile applications and websites where this Privacy Policy is posted ( collectively , the Sites ) . This Privacy Policy does not pertain to information that is collected offline . BY USING THE SITES , YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED BELOW . IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITES . Where personal information is required to use or interact with the Sites , it is our policy that this information such as your name , postal or email address , or telephone number is private and confidential . The personal information you provide to APA is stored in a secure location , accessible only by appropriate staff , and is used for the purposes set forth in this policy , such as to reply to a question or to send requested materials . We collect two types of information from visitors to the Sites : ( 1 ) Personal information ; and ( 2 ) Non-Personal information , such as your IP address or cookies . 1 . Personal information " Personal information " is information that identifies you personally , such as your name , postal address , telephone number , or email address . The APA collects and stores the personal information that you have provided to us . Here are some examples of manners in which we may collect your personal information on the Sites : We will collect your first and last name , email address , and postal address when you become a member and sign up to receive information from the APA ; We may collect your email address if you contact us with a question ; We may collect your first and last name , date of birth and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes ; We may collect your first and last name , postal address and billing information if you make a purchase through our Sites ; andWe may collect your device ID number when you interact with the Sites using a mobile device . The above list provides an example of the personal information that may be collected from you on the Sites . If you do not want the APA to collect your personal information , please do not provide it to us . 2 . Non-Personal information Non-Personal information can be technical information or it can be demographic information , such as your age , gender , ZIP code or other geolocation data , or interests . Non-personal information does NOT identify you personally . Here are some examples of the non-personal information that is collected via the Sites and a description of how this information is used : Internet Protocol ( IP ) address Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data such as the webpages you view . We use this information to deliver our webpages to you upon request , to tailor our Sites to the interests of our users and to measure traffic within our Sites.Cookies APA websites use " cookies " to improve functionality and usability . We use this information for planning , tracking and to improve the technical functions of our sites and products . By using our products and agreeing to this policy , you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy . About Cookies Cookies are text files sent by Web servers to Web browsers and are stored on the user 's computer or mobile device . If the browser is loading a page and the server requests the information stored in the cookie , the cookie is sent back to the server . Cookies contain data about the user 's activities on the website , and can be used by Web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website , and to identify users returning to a website . Cookies may be either " persistent " or " session " cookies . A persistent cookie will remain valid until its set expiration date ( unless deleted by the user ) . A session cookie will expire at the end of the user session , when the Web browser is closed . How APA uses cookies Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies the user , but information that we store about the user may be linked by us to the information stored in and obtained from cookies . APA websites use the information we obtain from people 's use of our website through cookies for the following purposes : To recognize the user 's computer when the user visits the website.To track some user actions during website navigation.To improve the website 's usability.To analyze the use of the website.To administer the website.To report click-through data to our advertisers . Third-party cookies When users visit APA websites third-party cookies may be sent to their computers by APA 's advertisers or service providers . They may use the information obtained from these cookies : To track users browsing across multiple websites.To build profiles of users ' Web surfing.To target advertisements that may be of particular interest to users . Blocking cookies Most browsers allow users to refuse to accept cookies . In Internet Explorer , you can refuse all cookies by clicking " Tools , " " Internet Options , " " Privacy , " and selecting " Block all cookies " using the sliding selector.In Firefox , you can block all cookies by clicking " Tools , " " Options , " and un-checking " Accept cookies from sites " in the " Privacy " box.In Google Chrome , you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking " Options , " " Under the hood " and Content Settings in the " Privacy " section . Click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.In Safari , you can block cookies by clicking Preferences , selecting the Privacy tab and Block cookies . Blocking all cookies will , however , have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites . If you block cookies , you may not be able to log on , access content or use search functions , for example . Deleting cookies Users can also delete cookies already stored on their computers : In Internet Explorer , you must manually delete cookie files.In Firefox , you can delete cookies by first ensuring that cookies are to be deleted when you " clear private data " ( this setting can be changed by clicking " Tools , " " Options " and " Settings " in the " Private Data " box ) and then clicking " Clear private data " in the " Tools " menu.In Google Chrome , you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking " Options , " " Under the hood , " and Content Settings in the " Privacy " section . Click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.In Safari , you can delete cookies by clicking Preferences , selecting the " Privacy " tab and selecting " Remove All Website Data. "  Doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites . Web Beacons ( also known as " clear gifs , " " Web bugs " or " pixel tags " ) " Web Beacons " are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Sites and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns . When used in HTML-formatted email messages , Web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened . In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , Web beacons are embedded invisibly on Web pages.Demographic Information " Demographic Information " may be your gender , age , ZIP code or geolocation data , and/or interests , which you voluntarily provide to us on the Sites . We use this information to provide you with personalized services and to analyze trends to ensure the information provided by the Sites meets your needs . Please note that we also consider aggregated information , which is not personally identifiable , to be non-personal information . The above list provides an example of the non-personal information that is collected via the Sites . 1 . Personal information We use your personal information that is collected on the Sites primarily for the following purposes : To deliver services , such as educational programs , information or newsletters you request or purchase ; To alert you to special offers , updated information and other new services from APA or other third parties or to forward promotional materials ; To process your order and , if necessary , to contact you regarding the status of your order ; To fulfill the terms of a promotion ; To ensure the Sites are relevant to your needs ; To help us create and publish content most relevant to you ; To contact you regarding additional services and features ; To request your feedback about your experience with APA ; To notify you about a material change to this Privacy Policy , if necessary ; andTo allow you access to limited-entry areas of the Sites . 2 . Non-Personal information Non-personal information is used as described above and in other was as permitted by applicable laws , including combining non-personal information with personal information . The APA member and affiliate directories are available only to members and affiliates in a members-only section of the site . All members ' and affiliates ' names are listed in the directory , but members have the option to suppress other information . Personal information collected as a function of the APA Sites will not be released to third parties except to further the purpose for which you provided and in the following instances : To fulfill a service to you . For example , if you choose to download information through the Sites , we may share your personal information in order to provide the information to you . In addition , if you email us a question , we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question . Also , if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest , we may use your personal information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion . This means that we may share the information for prize fulfillment purposes or mail carriers . We also may share your information with the co-sponsor of that promotion.To affiliates , strategic partners , agents , third party marketers or other unaffiliated parties who are offering products or services that we believe may be of interest to you or who require your personal information for research , administrative and/or internal business purposes . These parties may use your personal information to contact you with an offer or advertisement related to a product or service , or they may use such information for their own research , administration or business purposes . If you do not want us to share your personal information in this manner , please do not provide us with this information.To unaffiliated third-party service providers , agents or independent contractors who help us maintain our Sites and provide other administrative services to us ( including , but not limited to , order processing and fulfillment , providing customer service , maintaining and analyzing data , sending customer communications on APA 's behalf , and entry collection , winner selection and prize fulfillment for contests , sweepstakes and other promotions ) . We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties will not use the personal information for any other purpose than to provide the administrative services for which they are responsible . Because such unaffiliated third-party service providers that help us administer our Sites will have access to users ' personal information , if you do not wish for our unaffiliated third-party service providers to have access to your information , please do not register or submit any personal information to us.To complete your purchase . If you choose to make a purchase on the Sites , we may collect from you your credit card number , billing address and other information related to such purchase , and we may use such collected information in order to fulfill your purchase . We may also provide such information , or other personal information provided by you , to unaffiliated third parties as necessary to complete your purchase ( for example , to process your credit card ) .To comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us , protect and defend our rights or property , including the rights and property of APA and its family of Sites or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our end users.To third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process including , but not limited to , mergers , acquisitions , and sales of all or substantially all of our assets.To track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties.To protect against potential fraud , we may verify with third parties the information collected from these Sites . In the course of such verification , we may receive personal information about you from such services . In particular , if you use a credit card or debit card to purchase services with us , we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us , and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen . Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information , we do not otherwise use , share or otherwise disclose your personal information to any third parties . The Sites do not knowingly target children under the age of 13 and we do not collect personal information from any child under the age of 13 . In the event we learn that such information has been provided to the Sites , we will delete or destroy it . The APA Sites may provide you with links to other websites , although we do not necessarily advise that you are linking to another website . In the event that you choose to access such websites , APA is not responsible for any actions or policies of those sites . Further , please note that the third party 's Privacy Policy and security practices may differ from APA standards . APA neither assumes responsibility for , nor does it control , endorse or guarantee any aspect of your use of the linked site . We recommend that you check the Privacy Policy of such a party before providing personal information to it . The APA may also permit advertisers , third party ad networks or other advertising companies to serve advertisements on the Sites . Please be advised that such advertising companies may gather information about your visit to the Sites or other sites ( such as through cookies , Web beacons and other technologies ) to enable such advertising companies to market products or services to you , to monitor which ads have been served to your browser and which Web pages you were viewing when such ads were delivered . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices please click here . PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT COVER THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY SUCH ADVERTISING COMPANIES . Please note that any information you include in a message you post to any chat room , forum or other public posting area is available to anyone with Internet access . If you do n't want people to know your e-mail address , for example , do n't include it in any message you post publicly . PLEASE BE EXTREMELY CAREFUL WHEN DISCLOSING ANY INFORMATION IN CHAT ROOMS , FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS . WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF THE INFORMATION THAT YOU DISCLOSE IN CHAT ROOMS , FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS We communicate with our members on a regular basis via email . For example , we may use your email address to confirm your request , to send you notice of payments , to send you information about changes to our products and services , and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law . Generally , members can not opt-out of these communications , but they will be primarily informational in nature rather than promotional . However , we provide you the opportunity to exercise an opt-out choice if you do not want to receive other types of communications from us , such as messages or updates from us regarding new services and products offered on the Sites or if you do not want us to share your personal information with third parties . For emails , you may opt-out by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link within the text of an email . We will process your unsubscribe as soon as possible , but please be aware that in some circumstances you may receive a few more messages until the unsubscribe is processed . If you have elected to receive notices to your mobile device via text message , you may opt-out by replying STOP to such mobile message . You may receive a confirmatory text message in response to your STOP request and you hereby consent to receipt of such confirmation . APA reserves the right to make changes to our Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason without prior notice . Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of our policies . We may also contact you by email with changes . Additionally , we will updated the last updated date below . No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure . Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to APA is done at your own risk . However , APA uses website security measures consistent with current best practices to protect its website , email and mailing lists . These measures include technical , procedural , monitoring and tracking steps intended to safeguard data from misuse , unauthorized access or disclosure , loss , alteration or destruction . Credit card information is transmitted using secure socket layer ( SSL ) encryption . Member and purchaser information is a high priority and we use our own protective measures , as well as the capabilities of our software and hardware vendors . We realize there can be incidents of misuse or unauthorized program incursions , as almost every website , service and user encounters . In those instances , our goals are to move quickly to isolate the problem , ensure or restore proper functionality and minimize any inconvenience to our users . As appropriate and necessary , APA will notify the relevant authorities of these incidents of misuse or unauthorized program incursions of the APA website . In the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party , or in the event of a merger , you grant us the right to assign the personal and non-personal information collected via the Sites . Please email any problems or questions to Customer Service . While we may not be able to respond to every report , we take each report seriously and will investigate it thoroughly . California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding the APA 's disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . To make such a request , please contact us at Customer Service . Effective Date : Aug. 26 , 2013 Last Updated : Aug. 26 , 2013 
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT CAREFULLY . It explains how Sharecare , Inc. and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities ( collectively , " Sharecare " , " we " , " us " , or " our " ) collects information about you ( whether you 're a parent or a child ) through our websites and how this information is then used or disclosed . Our websites expressly include any Sharecare top-level-domain as well as any Sharecare redirects to Sharecare branded areas and sub-domains of third-party websites , specifically including Dr.Oz and Dailystrength ( as such websites and top-level-domains may be renamed from time to time ) . This privacy policy statement does not apply to those of our websites that do not display or link to this privacy policy statement or that have their own privacy policy statement or to information we may collect from you or about you in other ways , including through emails you may send to us . We may update this statement from time to time by posting the updated terms on our websites . You are responsible for periodically reading this statement . If you use our websites after we have updated this statement , you acknowledge that you have read the updated terms and consent to our revised privacy practices . This privacy policy statement describes our privacy practices , including what information we collect from you through our websites , and what we then do with this information . If you are a minor , please be sure to get your parents to review and discuss this privacy policy statement with you , and get their permission , before using our websites . We encourage parents to talk about what information their children should and should n't share online , and other restrictions about the online release of personal information to anyone they do n't know . We hope that our privacy practices as described in this statement will remove any concerns that parents may have about their children visiting our websites . We do not intentionally gather Personal Information about visitors who are under the age of [ 13 ] . By using our websites , you acknowledge that you have read this privacy policy statement and consent to our privacy practices as described in this statement , including our use and disclosure of personal information for the purposes described below . You further affirm your consent by becoming a registered member or submitting content or materials to or through our websites . This statement is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any person . Residents of the State of California , please also read Your California Privacy Rights to understand additional rights you may have pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83 . IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT , PLEASE DO NOT USE OR ACCESS OUR WEBSITES . This privacy policy statement only applies to information that we collect through our websites , and does not apply to any information we collect through any other means . We collect two types of information from you and other visitors to our websites : ( 1 ) " personally identifiable information " ( as described below ) and ( 2 ) non-personally identifiable information ( as described below ) . " Personally identifiable information " is information that identifies you personally , such as your name , address , telephone number , email address , or company name . Here are some examples of the ways in which we may collect and store your personally identifiable information through our websites :  we may collect your email address , first and last name , and zip code , if you sign up for an online newsletter ; we may collect your email address if you contact us with a question ; we may collect your first and last name , date of birth , and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes ; and we may collect your first and last name , your address , and your credit card and billing information to enable you to make a purchase . " Non-personally identifiable information " can be technical information or it can be demographic information , such as your age , gender , or interests.Non-personally identifiable information does not identify you personally . If you do provide us with non-personally identifiable information , we may use it for the purposes described in this statement or where it is collected , or any other legal purpose . Here are some examples of the ways in which we may collect and store your non-personally identifiable information through our websites , and how we use such information :  Internet Protocol ( IP ) address . Your " IP address " is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data , such as the screens and pages of our websites that you view.We use this information to deliver our screens and pages to you upon request , to tailor our websites to the interests of you and our other visitors , and to measure traffic to and within our websites . Cookie . A " cookie " is a small text file that may be used to collect information about your activity on our websites . For example , when you visit a screen or page on our websites , a cookie is placed on your machine ( if you or your browser accept the cookie ) . This cookie may then be read by screen or pages on our websites.You may configure your browser to notify you or to reject and block cookies , but if you do , you may not have access to some areas of our websites , or to the personalized features of our websites . Web Beacon . A " web beacon " , " clear gif " , " web bug " , or " pixel tag " is a tiny graphic file with a unique identifier , that is similar in function to a cookie , but allows us to count the number of users that have visited certain pages or screens of our websites , and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns . When used in HTML-formatted email messages , web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened . In contrast to cookies , which may be stored on your computer 's hard drive , web beacons are typically embedded invisibly on pages or screens . Demographic Information . " Demographic information " may be your gender , age , zip code , and interests . We may collect such information about your through our websites and use it to provide you with personalized services and to analyze trends to ensure that our websites and services and the information on them is targeted to meet your needs . Please note that we also consider aggregated information , which is not personally identifiable , to be non-personally identifiable information . If you encounter a screen or page that requests information you do not want to share with us , do not enter the information and do not proceed with that screen or page . Personally identifiable information . If you do provide us with personally identifiable information , we will only use it for the purposes described in this statement or where it is collected . Primarily , we use it on our websites to :  help us create and public content most relevant to you ; allow you access to certain areas of our websites ; register you as a member and develop your profile and enable you to take advantage of our the personalized features of our websites ; deliver services , such as educational programs , information , newsletters , or software that you request or purchase ; alert you to special officers , updated information , and our other new services or those of other third-parties ; forward promotional materials and to fulfill the terms of such promotion ; complete a transaction or service requested by you ; target our websites to your needs ; identify you as a poster or provider of content ; and contact you in response to sign up forms such as " Contact Us " or " Order Inquiry " . Non-personally identifiable information . We may use non-personally identifiable information for the purposes described in this statement or where it is collected , or any other legal purpose , including , when and where applicable , combining non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information . Personally identifiable information . Primarily , we may share or disclose your personally identifiable information in the following instances :  To fulfill a service to you . For example , if you choose to watch an educational video available on our websites , we may share your personally identifiable information to provide the program to you . In addition , if you email us a question , we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question . Also , if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest , we may use your personally identifiable information to fulfill the terms of that promotion , including for prize fulfillment purposes or with mail carriers . We also may share your information with co-sponsors of such promotion . To offer you products from our affiliates , strategic partners , agents , or from third-party marketers and other unaffiliated parties that we believe may be of interest to you , or to assist such parties for research , administrative , and/or business purposes . These parties may contact you with an offer or advertisement related to a product or service , or they may use such information for their own research , administration or business purposes . To unaffiliated third-party service providers , agents , or independent contractors who help us maintain our websites and us with other administrative services ( including , but not limited to , order processing and fulfillment , providing customer service , maintaining and analyzing data , sending customer communications on our behalf , and entry collection , winner selection and prize fulfillment for contests , sweepstakes , and other promotions ) . We seek to ensure that such unaffiliated third-parties will not use your personally identifiable information for any purpose other than that for which they are responsible.However , we can not guarantee that they will not use it for any other purpose . To complete your purchase . If you choose to make a purchase on or through our websites , we may ask you for your credit card number , billing address , and other information in connection with completing such purchase , and we may use such information to fulfill your purchase . We may also provide such information , or other personally identifiable information provided by you , to unaffiliated third-parties to complete your purchase ( for example , to process your credit card ) . To comply with law , or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the requirements of law , or comply with legal process served on us , and to protect and defend our rights or property , including our rights and property and our websites , or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of you and our other visitors . To third parties as part of a corporate reorganization process including , but not limited to , mergers , acquisitions , and sales of all or substantially all of our assets . To track and analyze non-identifying , aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties . To protect against fraud and potential fraud . We may verify the information our websites through third parties . In the course of such verification , we may receive additional personally identifiable information about you from such services . In particular , if you use a credit card or debit card to purchase services with us , we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address match the information you supplied to us , and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen . Non-personally identifiable information . We may share and disclose your non-personally identifiable information for the purposes described in this statement or where it is collected , or any other legal purpose , including , when and where applicable , sharing and disclosing non-personally identifiable information combined with personally identifiable information . We may transfer information that we collect about you , including personally identifiable information , to subsidiary and affiliated entities , or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world . If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , please note that you are transferring information about you , including personally identifiable information , to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as the European Union , and you consent to :  the transfer of information about you , including personally identifiable information , to the U.S. ; and the use and disclosure of information about you , including personally identifiable information , as described in this privacy policy statement . As a registered member , you can review and update your profile at anytime by logging-in and visiting the " My Profile " page . In addition , a parent can review or request deletion of any personal information we have about their child , or request that there be no further collection or use of their child 's information , by completing this form . We take steps to verify the identity of anyone requesting information about a child , to ensure that the person is in fact the child 's parent or guardian , and appreciate your cooperation with those steps . We communicate with our registered members on a regular basis via email . For example , we may use your email address to confirm your request , to send you notice of payments , to send you information about changes to our products and services , and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law . Generally , users can not opt-out of these communications , but they will be primarily informational in nature rather than promotional . However , we do provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of :  receiving other types of communication from us , such as emails or updates regarding new services and products offered on or through our websites and any new features or services on our websites ; sharing or disclosing your personally identifiable information with third parties . You may exercise your opt-out by ticking or un-ticking the appropriate box , if such checkbox where such information is collected , or by contacting us . We will process your unsubscribe as soon as possible , but please be aware that in some circumstances you may receive a few more messages until your request is processed . You also may opt-out of receiving such emails by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link within the text of the applicable email . We may provide public areas on our websites , such as forums and chat rooms , where you can post information about yourself and others.Please exercise discretion and use caution with respect to your information , especially in such public areas . We do not control who reads postings on our websites , or how they may use or disclose such information.If you choose to voluntarily disclose information on public portions of our websites , that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others . For example , if you post your email address , you may receive unsolicited messages . PLEASE BE EXTREMELY CAREFUL WHEN DISCLOSING ANY INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF OR OTHERS IN PUBLIC AREAS OF OUR WEBSITES.WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OR DISCLOSURE OF SUCH INFORMATION . Our websites may contain links to third-party websites . While we endeavor to work with third-parties that share our respect for user privacy , we are not responsible for the websites or privacy practices of such third-parties . We may also use third-party advertisers , ad networks , and other advertising , marketing , and promotional companies , to serve advertisements on our websites . Such third parties may gather information about your visit to our websites or other websites , monitor your access to or market products or services to you , monitor the ads you view , click-on , or interact with , when they were delivered , and the screens and pages that they are on . We do not endorse these parties , their content , or any products and services they offer . You are responsible for knowing when you are leaving our website to visit a third-party website , and for reading and understanding the terms of use and privacy policy statements for each such third party . No data transmissions over the Internet are completely secure . Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or others over the Internet . You transmit such information at your own risk . Once we receive your transmission , we make reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems.We use firewalls to protect your information from unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , or destruction . However , this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of such firewalls or secure server software . If we learn of a breach of our security system or processes , we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps . By using our websites , or providing personally identifiable information to us through them , you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security , privacy , and administrative issues relating to your use of our websites . In the event of a breach , we may post a notice on our websites or send you an email at the email address you provided . YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS TO RECEIVE WRITTEN NOTICE OF SECURITY BREACHES UNDER APPLICABLE LAW OF YOUR JURISDICTION . You can also help us protect information about you by :  using only secure web browsers ; employing common anti-virus and anti-malware tools on your system to keep it safe ; carefully logging out after using our websites ; using a strong password with a combination of letters and numbers . changing your password often ; and by notifying us if you feel your login and/or password have been compromised . You consent to our assignment of the information we have about you , including personally identifiable information , in the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party , including all or substantially all of our websites or our top-level-domain , or in the event of a merger for the same . Please read our terms of use to understand the terms that apply to your use of our websites . By using our websites , you acknowledge that you have read our terms of use and consent to them . You further affirm your consent by becoming a registered member or submitting content or materials to or through our websites . Sharecare , Inc . Attn : Privacy Officer Terminus 3280 Peachtree Road NE , Suite 600 Atlanta , Georgia 30305 These terms of use were last updated and posted on August 31 , 2009 . California Residents - Your Privacy Rights ( As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 )  A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal , family , or household purposes ( " California customer " ) is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . In general , if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information , upon receipt of a request by a California customer , the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year , as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed . However , under the law , a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public ( in its privacy policy statement ) a policy of not disclosing customer 's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure , as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy . Rather , the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right . As stated in our privacy policy statement , we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure -- typically by opting-in to receive information from a third party . To prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party , do not opt-in to such use when you provide personal information on our website . Please note that whenever you opt-in to receive future communications from a third party , your information will be subject to the third-party 's privacy policies and practices . If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information , you will need to contact the third party directly , as we have no control over how third parties use information . You should always review the privacy policies and practices of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information . California customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing privacy @ sharecare.com . Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year , and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address . 
Privacy and Cookie Policy Verso em portugus Privacy and Cookie Policy Any reference to BMJ , " we " , " us " and " our " is to BMJ Publishing Group Limited , except where the relevant service is provided by another BMJ group company , in which case references to we , us or our shall , in respect of those services , be references to that BMJ group company . BMJ Publishing Group Limited ( BMJ ) is a company registered in England and Wales ( registered number is 3102371 ) with registered office at BMJ , BMA House , Tavistock Square , London WC1H 9JR , UK We are registered on the Data Protection Public Register . Our Data Protection Registration Number is Z7607533 . Any reference to website ( s ) or site ( s ) is to a website owned or controlled by BMJ Publishing Group Limited . Any reference to you or your is a reference to you as a user of a BMJ website or service . Protecting your privacy is one of our top priorities . Please take a few minutes to read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it . From time to time we may change this Privacy Policy without further notice to you . We will post revisions on the Website . We recommend that you regularly review this policy for any changes . It is your responsibility for doing so . This document sets out the basis on which BMJ will process any personal data we collect from you and what cookies we use and why , except in the case of Evidence Based Nursing , and in which case you will be subject to the Royal College of Nursing 's Privacy Policy http : //www.rcn.org.uk/privacy . Other than for Evidence Based Nursing , or where we are hosting information for you ( such as on BMJ Portfolio ) , the BMJ shall be the data controller . We will make every effort to protect your privacy by adopting a consistently high level of site security and adhering to strict company policies on how we store and use personal information . This privacy policy has been developed in accordance with our legal obligations and may be updated from time to time . We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy prior to using our site and thereafter regularly review any changes . It is your responsibility for doing so . From time to time we may change this Privacy Policy without further notice to you . We will post revisions on the Website . Language of Terms Where this Privacy Policy has been translated into a language which is not English , this has been done for your convenience only to aid your interpretation of the policy . The English language version of this Privacy Policy is available here and it shall prevail in the event of any conflict between the English language version and a version in any other language . 1 . What information is being collected and how is it used ? There are various sections of the website which correspond to different aspects of BMJ 's business . The nature and purpose of the personal data we collect from you will differ depending on which area of the site ( s ) you access ( for example whether you are registering for one of our products or simply contacting us to provide feedback ) . What data we collect and how this is used is set out in detail in this policy but general categories include :  information that you provide by filling in forms on our website which may include : your name , address , postcode , email address , date of birth , telephone number , payment details and service details ( if applicable ) ; technical information about your use of BMJ services including details of your domain name , location and internet protocol ( IP ) address , operating system , browser version , the content you view , how long you stayed on a page , data collected through the use of " cookies " and/or other devices . For full details , see our Cookie Policy which is contained in section 5 below . other data from time to time to help us provide you with improved products and services for example when we ask you to fill in a survey or questionnaire . In addition to the uses specified below , we may use information provided by you in the following ways :  to ensure that content on our site is presented in the most effective manner for you ; monitor , develop and improve our products and services ; to provide you with information , products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you , where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes ; to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service , when you choose to do so ; and to notify you about changes to our service including to contact you with service messages . By way of example , if any service for which you have registered is no longer available , we may contact you to let you know that it has closed and inform you of any similar services offered by us and/or any company within our group of companies and/or a third party partner on our behalf . 1.1 . Registered Users Many of our websites require subscriptions and/or registration to access certain functions , services or content . You will know what information is being collected via these processes when you complete the relevant forms and provide the required details prior to submitting the application for the relevant subscription or registration . On some of our websites , where you submit a response for publication your name and other personal details may be published . You should check the policy on the relevant submission page on the specific BMJ operated website . We will collect data relating to any transactions you carry out through our website ( s ) and of the fulfilment of your orders . We collate data about registered users including which BMJ publications and services they have subscribed to in order that we can understand our customers and try and easily fulfil their subscription requirements . Where you have supplied information relating to a conference ( for instance where you are attending a conference , or speaking at a conference ) , we will use your personal data to inform the venue and caterers of delegates , share that information with any co-owners , co-organisers or relevant suppliers and contractors of a conference ( where applicable ) . We may also use your data to create a delegate or speaker list which will be distributed to all attendees and sponsors . Once you start using our sites , we may track and keep a record of the pages you visit . We collect this data from groups of users to get a sense of how people are using our sites and what content and which business areas or sections of the site are most popular . This helps us improve what we offer on our sites . We will also use your data to monitor for any unauthorised use of our websites , content or subscriptions to our publications ( for example individuals subscribing individually on behalf of institutions ) . We may also disclose your identity and contact details to any third party claiming material posted by you is defamatory or violates their intellectual property rights or right to privacy . You will be given at least one opportunity to opt in or out ( as applicable ) from receiving marketing emails from the BMJ and third parties . For users who have opted to receive marketing emails from BMJ ( and others where indicated and there is a jointly supplied product or service ) , and visit our websites through links provided in these emails , we may send information about your website usage to our third party email direct marketing provider . This is for the purpose of understanding the effectiveness of our email marketing campaigns and for targeting future email campaigns . 1.2 . BMJ Learning Users In addition to and subject to other uses of your personal data which are set out herein ( see clause 3 in particular ) , the information that you add to your BMJ Portfolio , including the areas of improvement you identify , the BMJ Learning modules you have started and /or completed , and other such information , is considered private save that our technicians have access to it in order to fix problems and maintain the site . However , subject to clause 3 and the BMA exception described below we do not read this information unless it is necessary to do so , and we will not release it to other people or organisations , without your prior consent . In the case of BMJ Learning and BMJ Portfolio only ( and in accordance with clause 3 ( vii ) ) , we may disclose certain personal data to the British Medical Association ( BMA ) including in relation to the fact that you have signed up for access to BMJ Learning , the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules . We reserve the right to release anonymised group data to third parties related to the use of specific modules . You are able to give feedback about a learning module after completing it , and in the learning resources section of the site . This information is visible to other users of the site , including guest users . We will also use it to improve our site . 1.3 . Foundation Programme Users The forms you complete online and the learning modules you complete ( including obtaining certificates of completion ) are considered private . Our technicians have access to them in order to fix problems and maintain the site . However , we do not read this information unless necessary , and will not release it to other people or organisations , without your prior consent . 1.4 . Portfolio Users Subject to clause 3 ( vii ) , the data you enter into the BMJ Portfolio website , and any files you upload to it , is considered private . Our technicians have access to this data in order to fix problems and maintain the site . We may statistically analyse the information , in aggregate form , to learn more about the interests of our user base . These statistics may be used to provide functionality that recommends useful resources to other users of BMJ Portfolio . In no case will it be possible to identify an individual through such functionality , or through the underlying aggregate data . 1.5 . BMJ Quality Improvement Programme Users Where you have registered and/or purchased access to a BMJ Quality Improvement Programme product or service , your name will be available for other users for the purpose of contacting you through the service . They will not have access to your contact information directly ( unless such information is included on a report you have written , which is published ) instead , you will be sent an invitation via your BMJ account and if you accept such invitation you may choose to communicate through these means . 1.6 . All users As you browse our websites , we collect information about your use of the site including but not limited to traffic data and location data . Essentially this will normally be which pages you have visited , how long you stay online and where you are located . We will not be able to identify who you are from the information we store , but we will be able to identify where you are located - ( see point 1.7 below ) . 1.7 . What else do we collect when you use one of our websites ? Each time you use the internet , an Internet Protocol ( IP ) address is assigned to your computer or internet-capable device via the internet service provider . This number may either be the same or different each time you access the internet . Each time your computer or internet-capable device requests information from one of our websites , we log your IP address on our server . We may also log operating systems and browser types for the purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information . We may use this in order to gather information about the website traffic and usage . To clarify , whether you are a registered user or not , our web server collects certain information including ( a ) IP address ; ( b ) host names ( c ) domain name ( d ) time and date information as requested ( e ) the browser version and platform when it is requested , ( f ) a record of which pages have been requested ( g ) location data from your IP address . Location data may be necessary for us to geo-block or regionalise our website content or services . If you contact us , we may keep a record of that correspondence and use it to contact you and/or to update our records . We may use all information we obtain to enforce our legal rights and protect against unauthorised access , use , activity and/or copying , either personally or via third party contractors and advisors . This may involve using your name and subscription details on a database with other publishers ' data for detection purposes . 1.8 . What else do we use personal information for ? Other than for fulfilling our obligations to you ( where these exist ) , on some occasions we use the information you provide to produce aggregate statistics in relation to pages being accessed . We may also use it to monitor usage patterns on our websites in order to improve navigation and design features and to help you get information more easily . This information is provided to us as daily log files . In order to help us develop our websites and our services , we may provide such aggregate information to third parties . The statistics however will not include any information that can be used to identify any individual . We may contact you to notify you about changes to our service . We also may send you non marketing emails which includes for internal record keeping and to improve our services and/or for the purpose of inviting you to partake in surveys or market research which we conduct or which third parties are conducting . In addition to responding to complaints or claims received or discovered referred to above or any breaches of our Website Terms and Conditions , we may use all information supplied or collected on our Websites to enforce our legal rights and protect against unauthorised access , use , activity and/or copying , either personally or via third party contractors and advisors and/or protect the rights , property , or personal safety other users of the websites and the public . This may involve using any details supplied by you including your name and contact details . 2 . How long do we keep the information we collect ? We keep ( including via our contractors ) your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil our obligations to you and to protect our legal interests or as otherwise stated to you when such data is collected . 3 . To whom will information be disclosed ? Other than as expressly agreed by you or stated when data is collected or stated within this policy we will not disclose your personal data to any third parties other than :  ( i ) to third parties authorised by us such as our co-owners ( where applicable ) , licensors , contractors and advisors who must keep this data confidential . For the International Forum on Quality and Safety and certain other BMJ services , this may include transferring your data outside of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) including to the USA . This may also be the case for other co-owners or licensors ;  ( ii ) as required for conferences such as to venue organisers who may be outside of the EEA or where you agree with an exhibitor or sponsor to be scanned at a conference and in which case your name , work details and all contact details will be supplied to them ;  ( iii ) as required to enforce our legal rights ( including property , safety , our customers or others ) ;  ( iv ) fraud protection and credit risk reduction ;  ( v ) where you have opted for a publication of service which allows you to select a third party to see data you submit such as mentors for BMJ Quality Improvement or another BMJ service ;  ( vi ) where our company or its assets ( to which your data relates ) are to be acquired by a new company location data may be shared ;  ( vii ) in the case of BMJ Learning and BMJ Portfolio only to the BMA in relation to the fact that you have signed up for access to BMJ Learning , the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules ;  ( viii ) in the case of registered GP 's in New Zealand who are official members of the Royal New Zealand College of GP 's , whilst we have an agreement with them , details of modules you have the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules ;  ( ix ) in the case of registered GPs in Denmark , who are official members of the Danish Medical Association , whilst we have an agreement with them , details of modules you have the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules ;  ( x ) in the case of users whose access is provided by Harmoni , details of modules you have the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules ;  ( xi ) in the case that you are registered with the BMJ Learning Iraq channel then we may provide your personal data , including details of your usage of the site , including the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules to the Iraq Ministry of Health ;  ( xii ) to any member of our group , which means our subsidiaries and our ultimate holding company , the BMA ; and ( xiii ) where we have your consent to do so , to third parties for the purposes of providing marketing communications to you . 4 . How personal information stored and protected Your personal data is stored in our databases or those of our contractors which is only available to our web administrators and our contractors and selected authorised people on a password protected basis ( except where referred to in the final paragraph of Clause 1.3herein ) . The data that we collect from you ( or which you supply to us by email or otherwise ) may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) . It may also be processed by staff operating outside of the EEA who work for us or are of our suppliers . Such staff may be engaged in among other things , hosting the fulfilment of your order , processing of your payment details and the provision of support services by submitting your personal data , you agree to this transfer , storing or process . We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely by us and our contractors and in accordance with this privacy policy . Where we have given you ( or where you have chosen ) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site , you are responsible for keeping this password confidential . Please do not share your password ( s ) with anyone . 4.1 . Security We understand that the security of your information is important to you . We also understand that our continued success as a publisher on the web relies on our ability to communicate with you in a secure manner . We adhere to the highest standards of decency , fairness , and integrity in our operations . We use several measures to authenticate your identity when you visit our site . We also take steps to protect your information as it travels the internet , and to make sure all information is as secure as possible against unauthorised access and use ( for example , by hackers ) . We review our security measures regularly . Despite our best efforts , and the best efforts of other firms , " perfect security " does not exist on the internet , or anywhere else . Unfortunately , the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure . Although we will do our best to protect your personal data , we can not guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site ; any transmission is at your own risk . Once we have received your information , we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access . 4.2 . Authentication You should not share your user name and password with other people . If you think you might lose or forget these identifiers , write them down and keep each in a separate place . 4.3 . Email Any email between you and the BMJ is not encrypted . 4.4 . Data within our walls The information we collect about people visiting the site is stored in secure environments that are not available to any other individual or party without our consent . We have mechanisms in place to protect data . One such mechanism is called a " firewall. "  A firewall is a barrier that allows only authorised traffic through . It safeguards our computer systems and your information . We also use system and application logs to track all access . We review these logs periodically and investigate any anomalies or discrepancies . 5 . Cookies 5.1 . What are cookies ? Cookies are small text files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you first visit a website . Cookies are widely used by websites to help remember small amounts of information and give you a better experience using the website . For example , a cookie will help the website to recognise your device the next time you visit so you do n't have to log on again , they will remember what items you placed in a shopping basket or recall your preferences such as which language you want to read a site in . Certain cookies contain a limited amount of personal information . For example , if you click remember me when logging in , a cookie will store your username . Most cookies wo n't collect information that identifies you , and will instead collect more general information to help us analyse how well our website is performing overall so we can try and improve it . 5.2 . How we use Cookies BMJ uses cookies on most of our websites to perform different functions . These are grouped into four main categories :  Technically Necessary Cookies Some essential functions of our websites are only possible if information is stored persistently between each page you look at . For instance , if you log in to a site to access subscriber only content , we use a cookie to remember that you are logged in , so you do not have to enter your details on each page you visit . Customisation and Personalisation Cookies In order to allow you as an individual , or our institutional customers , to customise our products and websites , we need to remember who you are and what you want . We use cookies to record your preferences regarding website appearance , what content you 've already read , and to present the information that is most relevant to you . Performance Monitoring Cookies We utilise other cookies to analyse how our visitors use our websites and to monitor website performance . This allows us to provide a high quality experience by customising our offering and quickly identifying and fixing any issues that arise . When we send marketing emails to users who have chosen to receive them , we use a cookie that lets us track the success of campaigns . We may use this information to determine which of our emails are more interesting to users , or to query whether users who do not open our emails wish to continue receiving them . We do n't use cookies to find out how specific individuals use our products , only to gather general statistics that can help us give you a better experience . Third Party Cookies BMJ websites sometimes integrate with other companies ' sites . For example , we integrate with social networking sites such as Twitter and Facebook , to make it easier for you to share what you have read . These sites place their own cookies on your browser as a result of us including their icons and like ' or share ' buttons on our sites . Like most commercial publishers we also sell advertising space , or banner ads ' on some of our websites . These ads are served directly from a 3rd party advertising broker . They place cookies on your browser in order to track how many people have seen a particular ad , and for other technical reasons . 5.3 . How to remove or block Cookies Your internet browser has tools that allow you to remove or block cookies . More information can be found here : http : //www.aboutcookies.org/ 5.4 . What will happen if I block BMJ Cookies ? Depending on which cookies you block , the site may stop working , or certain features may stop working correctly . If the cookies marked below as technically necessary ' are blocked , the site will probably not be usable . 5.5 . BMJ Cookie List The list below shows the majority of cookies on used on our sites , or set by third parties from our sites . The list is subject to change . Cookie Name Category Purpose Further Information _utma , _utmb , _utmc , _utmz Performance Monitoring , Third party cookies Google Analytics sets these cookies . They are used for general aggregated usage statistics https : //developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCookies APISID , SAPISID , SID , SS , SSID Third party Cookies This is used by the Google +1 recommendation service AT Technically Necessary This is used to handle authentication on some products adestra_ctrk Third party Cookies This is used to track how many people open and respond to marketing emails http : //www.adestra.com/home/cookie-policy/ adestra_ctrk_pref Third party Cookies This is used to indicate if you have opted out of tracking in marketing emails http : //www.adestra.com/home/cookie-policy/ Auth_token , auth_token_session , guest_id , k , pid , t1 , twll Third Party Cookies These are used by Twitter https : //twitter.com/privacy avr_ [ numeric sequence ]  Technically Necessary This is used by our CDN service , Edgecast , to accelerate content delivery . http : //www.edgecast.com/privacy.html best-health Performance Monitoring We use this to provide usage stats to institutional customers BIGipServercommunity.bmj.pluck.com- [ numeric sequence ]  Technically Necessary Used by a Pluck , an online community platform we use on some sites . BMJLearning Performance Monitoring We use this to provide usage stats to institutional customers BMJPortfolio Performance Monitoring We use this to provide usage stats to institutional customers bpweb Performance Monitoring We use this to provide usage stats to institutional customers c_user , datr , locale , lu , xs Third Party Cookies Facebook uses these cookies . We use Facebook buttons to help people share content they find interesting . http : //www.facebook.com/help/ ?page=176591669064814 clinical-evidence Performance Monitoring We use this to provide usage stats to institutional customers D , mc Third Party Cookies , Performance Monitoring Quantserve measure site traffic independently . Web Stats and Traffic Monitoring Demographics , HSID , LOGIN_INFO , PREF , SID , VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Third Party Cookies Youtube use these cookies . We use YouTube to distribute videos on some of our sites . http : //www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ has_js Technically Necessary Our websites use this to indicate if javascript is working on your browser I18N_LANGUAGE Customisation and Personalisation Some of our websites use this to store your language preference ICSMarker Technically Necessary Our websites use this to enable single sign on across our products , so you do n't have to log in on each of our sites in turn . JSESSIONID Technically Necessary Customisation and Personalisation Our Java based websites use this for a wide range of technical purposes NSC_ [ alphabetical sequence ]  Technically Necessary Our load balancers use this cookie to help direct traffic between different back end servers NXCLICK2 , OAX Third Party Cookies Realmedia , our advertising partner , use this cookie to serve appropriate banner ads http : //www. 247realmedia.com/EN-US/privacy-policy.html qualityid Technically Necessary Used by one of our sites for session handling SiteLifeHost Technically Necessary Used by Pluck , and online community platform we use on some sites Uuid , uvc Third Party Cookie Used by Lockerz , a social networking website http : //support.lockerz.com/entries/515589-privacy-policy X-HighWire-Backend Technically Necessary Used by Highwire Press , who deliver our journal sites 6 . Contact us Please contact us if any of the data we hold about you becomes inaccurate and if you have any queries or concerns about the data we are holding about you . Also we welcome your feedback about what you like or do n't like about our sites . Your feedback is stored on a secure internal system that allows the appropriate person to respond to you . Please contact us through our Contact us section . 7 . Linking to external sites Occasionally , you will encounter links to other sites that are not related to the BMJ . Please be aware that once you click to one of these sites , you are subject to that site 's privacy policy and not to ours . You may wish to review the privacy policy for each site you visit . 8 . Your consent By submitting your information , you consent to the use of that information as set out in this policy . You should review this policy regularly , to note any changes as to how we collect and use personal information . Thank you for reviewing this information . If you have any questions , please send us an e-mail through our Contact us section . View Policy as a PDF http : //group.bmj.com/group/about/legal/privacy/privacy-and-cookie-policy-august-2013.pdf Last updated 03/09/13 
NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS , INC. PRIVACY POLICY GENERAL INFORMATION Nuance Communications , Inc. and its subsidiaries ( " Nuance " ) provides this Privacy Policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) to help you understand how we collect , use and disclose information , including personal information that you may provide to us or that we may obtain as our products and services are used . We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time , so please check back with us periodically . This Privacy Policy applies to www.nuance.com ( " Website " ) and to certain Nuance products , and services , including those for consumer use ( " Nuance Products " ) . This Privacy Policy explains Nuance 's information practices including :  How Nuance uses the personal information you share with us and that we learn about you because of our relationship . What personal information , if any , Nuance may share about you and the conditions we use to protect your information if it must be shared . Other things you should know about privacy and Nuance . " Personal Information " includes information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify , contact , or locate you or a specific individual . By using the Website or Nuance Products , you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Information by Nuance consistent with applicable data protection law and this Privacy Policy which is expressly incorporated into any applicable Website or Nuance Product Terms of Use or End-User License Agreement . You also represent to us that you have any and all authorizations necessary to use these Nuance Products including using them to process Personal Information . Nuance collects and uses the information you provide to us , including information obtained from your use of this Website or a Nuance Product . We may use or share Personal Information ( e.g. , name , address , telephone number , email address , and location ) where it is necessary for us to complete a transaction or do something that you have asked us to do . Also , we may use the information that we collect for our internal purposes to develop , tune , enhance , and improve our products and services , and for advertising and marketing consistent with this Privacy Policy . By using Nuance products and services , you acknowledge , consent and agree that Nuance may collect , process , and use the information that you provide to us and that such information shall only be used by Nuance or third parties acting under the direction of Nuance , pursuant to confidentiality agreements , to develop , tune , enhance , and improve Nuance services and products . Nuance will not use the contents of any communications provided to us through your use of Nuance Products for any purpose except as set forth above . Nuance collects and uses information from you in several ways :  Website or Nuance Product Usage . Nuance ( or Nuance vendors and suppliers ) may observe your activities , preferences , and transactional data ( such as your IP address and browser type ) as well as related usage behavior depending on whether you are using our Website or a particular Nuance Product . We may use this data for any purpose unless we tell you otherwise in connection with a particular Website or product . While we may collect or log this information , we do not identify you or match this non-Personal Information with your other Personal Information unless or except if we believe doing so will help us better respond to a request you have made . Where such non-Personal Information is linked to your Personal Information we will treat such information as Personal Information . For clarity , when we refer to usage of Website or Nuance Product Usage Data in this section , we do not mean the contents of your voice data or text and related data derived from the contents of your communications using Nuance Products . For information about specific Nuance Products , please see specific privacy notices directed to such products . Nuance Product Usage . Certain Nuance Products require you to enter Speech Data in order to use and derive the benefits of the particular product . These Nuance Products collect and process the Speech Data you input into the Nuance Products . Nuance or third parties acting under the direction of Nuance , pursuant to confidentiality agreements , use the Speech Data to develop , tune , enhance , and improve Nuance services and products . Nuance will not use the contents of any Speech Data provided to us through your use of Nuance Products for any purpose except as set forth above . " Speech Data " means the audio files , associated text and transcriptions and log files provided by you hereunder or generated in connection with Nuance Products . Speech Data may include Personal Information . E-Commerce . You may be asked to share Personal Information such as your name , address , telephone number , and email address when you make purchases , seek customer or technical support or otherwise interact with Nuance . When you shop online or buy direct from Nuance , these purchase transactions may be conducted through Nuance vendors and suppliers . Vendors and suppliers engaged by Nuance on behalf of Nuance may have their use of your Personal Information limited by this Privacy Policy , contractual restrictions , and applicable law . Nuance ( through its vendors or suppliers ) may limit the acceptance of orders to particular jurisdictions and as permitted by applicable law . You may also make purchases of Nuance Products ; seek customer or technical support through Nuance 's distributors or service providers . In these circumstances , the collection of your Personal Information may occur directly by the distributor or service provider or a third-party partner on their website , which will state the privacy policy or policies governing the collection of such information . Product Registration & Technical Support . Nuance may allow customers to register products online or through similar ways . Personal Information or data provided for such purposes may be used to carry out the request , service , or agreement for which the information is submitted . With your consent , we may also use the information you provide in online registration forms to notify you periodically about important changes to the Website or Application ( such as a change to this Privacy Policy or notice of a security breach ) , new Nuance products and services , and special offers and promotions that may be of interest to you . If you register , we may ask for , among other things , your name , address , email , telephone number , type of product purchased , or other product-identifying information . Failure to register any Nuance product will not diminish the rights you have under the applicable product warranty . Online Promotions , Contests and Sweepstakes . You may be asked to provide an email address or screen name , or other Personal Information , for entry into a particular promotion , including sweepstakes and contests , so that we can let you know if you won a prize . The specific rules and regulations governing the particular promotion , contest or sweepstakes will vary and your participation constitutes your agreement to abide by those rules and regulations . Certain promotions , contests or sweepstakes may be run by a Nuance service provider or vendor or co-branded with one of our partners . In these instances the collection of your Personal Information may occur directly by the service provider or vendor or a third-party partner on their website . The promotion will state the privacy policy or policies governing the collection of such information if they should differ from this Privacy Policy . Children . The Nuance Website and Nuance Consumer Products are not directed at children . If you are under 18 or otherwise would be required to have parent or guardian consent to share information with Nuance , you should not send any information about yourself to us . As required by law , if a person under 13 submits information through any part of a Nuance Website or a Nuance Product , and we learn the person submitting the information is such a child , we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible . As mentioned in the beginning of this Privacy Policy , Nuance may share Personal Information within Nuance to fulfill its obligations to you and operate its business consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable data protection law . In addition to what is expressly stated in this Privacy Policy , we may also share your Personal Information with third parties in the following situations :  Nuance Affiliates , Vendors and Suppliers . Nuance works with many affiliated third parties , vendors , distributors , and suppliers . To the extent it is necessary for these groups to provide their products and services to us and provide products and services you have requested , these third parties may have access to or process your Personal Information . Nuance may also sometimes permit our authorized service providers to have access to aggregate statistics about our customers , sales , traffic patterns , and related Website or Application information . These transfers of aggregate statistics do not involve Personal Information or data . Recruitment and Job Applications . Residents of the United States may provide us with Personal Information through our Website . Personal information such as that contained on a resume or curriculum vitae may be submitted in connection with a job application or inquiry . We may use this information throughout Nuance ( worldwide ) for the purpose of employment consideration or your inquiry . We may keep your information on file for future consideration . Enabling Services . Nuance offers a variety of services and functions through its Websites ( " Nuance Services " ) . Personal Information that is collected through a Website may be used and/or disclosed to third parties in order to enable us to provide Nuance Services . For example , the Nuance Website may allow you to interface with a third party website or application . To facilitate that connection , we may use your Personal Information and/or disclose your Personal Information to third parties . Public Areas . Any information disclosed in public areas of a Nuance Website or to the extent possible in a Nuance Product or other website ( Facebook , YouTube , Twitter , etc. )  will become public information . We can not control the use of information disclosed in public forums , such as forums , bulletin boards , blogs , chat rooms , and networking functions of mobile-device applications . You should exercise caution when disclosing information in these public areas , and be careful how you disclose your Personal Information . Content posted in public areas of the Nuance Website or Nuance Products , including advice and opinions , represent the views and is the responsibility of those who post the content . Nuance does not necessarily endorse , support , verify , or agree with the content posted . Mergers , Acquisitions , and Insolvency . If Nuance should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company , or if Nuance should decide to buy , sell , or reorganize some part or all of its business , Nuance may be required to disclose your Personal Information and Speech Data to prospective or actual purchasers in connection with one of these transactions As Required by Law and Other Extraordinary Disclosures . Nuance may be required to disclose your Personal Information and Speech Data if it : ( i ) believes it is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process ( such as a court order , subpoena , search warrant , etc. )  or other legal requirements of any governmental authority , ( ii ) would potentially mitigate our liability in an actual or potential lawsuit , ( iii ) is otherwise necessary to protect our rights or property , or ( iv ) is necessary to protect the legal rights or property of others . If Nuance learns of a security system 's breach , we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps . By using this Website or a Nuance Product or providing Personal Information to us , you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security , privacy , and administrative issues relating to your use of this Website or Nuance Product . Nuance may post a notice on this Website if a security breach occurs . If this happens , you will need a web browser or mobile device enabling you to view the Nuance Website or Application . Nuance may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances or communicate with you by other means if we can . Depending on where you live , you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing . This Website or Nuance Product may contain links to third-party websites , however , please be aware that Nuance is not responsible for and can not control the privacy practices of these other websites . We encourage you to read the privacy policies for these other websites , as they may differ from ours . This Website or Nuance Product also contains links to co-branded websites that may display Nuance 's logo and trademarks but which are maintained by third parties . Such websites may be identified by the fact that they do not display a " Nuance.com " URL . Please read the privacy policy on the co-branded website for the applicable privacy practices relating to personal information collected via that website , as it may differ from this Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Nuance on its Website or through Nuance Products . Because Nuance operates globally , we may transfer your Personal Information and Speech Data within our global operations to fulfill our obligations to you , but always subject to the limitations of applicable data protection law and this Privacy Policy . Privacy laws differ across the globe . To help visitors whose native language may not be English understand our privacy practices , we may provide special information on our Privacy Policies that may be applicable to these visitors in different languages . Nuance entities outside the United States may have supplemental privacy policies that may apply in those countries . If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , including those whose privacy laws may be more strict than U.S. law , please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States to Nuance . By providing your personal data you consent to that transfer and processing . When you provide Nuance with Personal Information , we may communicate with you using the information you have given us to provide you with information we think may be of interest to you . Department of Commerce 's website at : http : //export.gov/safeharbor/ . When Nuance receives formal written complaints , it is Nuance 's policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns . We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that can not be resolved between Nuance and an individual . If in the future we change our Privacy Policy , we will post the new Privacy Policy on this Website or Application . We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy in the future . Your continued use of this Website or Nuance Product following a change in the Privacy Policy represents consent to the new Privacy Policy to the fullest extent permitted by law . We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy . If you have any questions , comments , or concerns about this Privacy Policy , please email us at privacy @ nuance.com or write to us at : Nuance Communications One Wayside Road Burlington , MA , 01748 USA Attention : Legal Department- Privacy Updated : July 2011 
MakeupAlley is committed to protecting the privacy of our users . We sometimes collect personal information from our users . MakeupAlley maintains the confidentiality , security and integrity of personal information that we obtain from our users . We do not disclose personal information to any outside party . When registering for MakeupAlley.com or any of its related services , we ask you to provide certain personal information . This information is for internal use only and will not be distributed or sold to any parties outside MakeupAlley . We strive to create contests and content which require a very minimal amount of information from our users . Our online surveys and contests sometimes ask users for contact information ( like their email addresses ) or information about their hobbies or interests . This information is also only for internal purposes and will not be shared with any party outside MakeupAlley . You should be aware that when you are on MakeupAlley.com you might be directed to other sites that are beyond our control . Every site on the web has a different privacy policy and different policies regarding your personal information . The privacy policies and the practices of sites outside of MakeupAlley.com and all of its services are beyond our control . It is your responsibility to read and understand the privacy policies of any and all websites you visit on the world wide web . These other sites may send their own cookies to users , or otherwise collect data or solicit personal information . Always be aware of where you end up on the web . By using this site , you signify your assent to the MakeupAlley privacy policy . If you do not agree to this policy , please do not use our site . Your continued use of our site following posted changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes . You can send email to us with any further questions . At MakeupAlley , we recognize your right to confidentiality and are committed to protecting your privacy . We use the information we collect on our site to provide you with a superior experience . When you register , we will ask you to set up an account , which includes your name , e-mail address and optionally your mailing address and various beauty related questions . In addition , we ask that you indicate whether you would like to receive e-mail from MakeupAlley or sponsors or partners keeping you informed of news or features . We protect your account information against unauthorized access or release . We will not give , sell , rent , or loan any identifiable personal information to any third party , unless legally required to do so . We may share non-personal , summary , or aggregate data with partners and other third parties . 
Cleveland Clinic 's mission is , and always will be , Patients First . We understand , acknowledge and respect any individual 's right to privacy and the concerns one may have in regard to privacy and security . We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of information provided by our patients , as well as , general users of our website . IMPORTANT NOTE ! The Cleveland Clinic Notice of Privacy Practices is a separate document that governs how medical information about you may be used and disclosed by Cleveland Clinic . IF THIS IS A MEDICAL EMERGENCY , PLEASE IMMEDIATELY CALL EMERGENCY PERSONNEL ( 911 ) TO GET PROMPT MEDICAL ATTENTION . DO NOT RELY ON ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS FOR ASSISTANCE IN REGARD TO YOUR IMMEDIATE , URGENT MEDICAL NEEDS . THIS E-MAIL IS NOT DESIGNED TO FACILITATE MEDICAL EMERGENCIES . CLEVELAND CLINIC CANNOT GUARANTEE RESPONSE TIMES IF YOU CHOOSE TO USE THIS E-MAIL IN THE EVENT OF A MEDICAL EMERGENCY . A visitor can access and browse our entire site at any time without providing any personal information . We do not collect information that would personally identify you unless you choose to provide it . In addition , Cleveland Clinic does not share any personally identifiable information of any individual with any third party unrelated to Cleveland Clinic , except in situations where we must provide information for legal purposes or investigations , or if so directed by the patient through a proper authorization . Forms Our website contains forms through which users may request information or supply feedback to us . In some cases , telephone numbers , email addresses or return addresses are required so that we can supply requested information to you , and in other cases , correct names and addresses are required to process credit card payments . After you fill out a form , we may contact you with follow-up information ( unless you have checked an " opt-out " box on the form ) . We do not provide any information supplied on our web forms to any outside organization for any reason ( other than where we may be required to by law , or as necessary to process credit card information ) . We do not save this personal information for any other reason . Surveys Occasionally , we may survey visitors to our site . The information from these surveys is used in aggregate form to help us understand the needs of our visitors so that we can improve our site . We generally do not ask for information in surveys that would personally identify you . If we do request contact information for follow-up , you may decline to provide it . If survey respondents provide personal information ( such as an email address ) in a survey , it is shared only with those people who need to see it to respond to the question or request . Email " Phishing " is a scam designed to steal your personal information . If you receive an email that looks like it is from Cleveland Clinic asking you for your personal information , do not respond . We will never request your password , user name , credit card information or other personal information through email . User Name and Password In the event you access any Service requiring a User Name and Password , you are solely responsible for keeping such User Name and Password strictly confidential . Cleveland Clinic collects non-personal information such as website usage , traffic patterns , site performance and related statistics based on our tracking of your visits to the website . IP Addresses The Web server automatically collects the IP ( which stands for Internet Protocol ) address of the computers that access our site . An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you access the Internet . It is not truly personally identifiable information because many different individuals can access the Internet via the same computer . We use this information in aggregate form to understand how our site is being used and how we can better serve visitors . Please note that although such information is not personally identifiable , we can determine from an IP address a visitor 's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity . First Party Cookies We collect information about visitors to our site using " first party cookies , which are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your web browser . Cookies are never associated with specific personal identities . First party cookies are distinct from third party cookies that they are created and directly served by the company hosting the website . We use two types of cookies on this site :  We use persistent cookies to recognize a repeat visitor , enabling us the opportunity to offer the visitor a set of services or information requested in a previous visit . We use session cookies to track a visitor 's path through our site during a visit , to help us understand how people use our site . You can delete our cookies at any time . The " help " section , located on the toolbar of most browsers , will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether . Since cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of our website 's best features , we recommend that you leave them turned on . Please note that our forms are encrypted to protect your privacy . Once the information is sent to our site , it is kept in secure databases where it is not available to users on the Internet . While we sometimes ask for credit card numbers or certain service transactions , and either pass them on to a credit card processing service or process them manually , we do not store credit card numbers online . Cleveland Clinic periodically reviews and modifies , where appropriate , its security policies and procedures . We use reasonable care to protect your personally identifiable and confidential information provided by you to our site . Cleveland Clinic has in place a security program that seeks to mitigate this risk substantially . MATERIALS , SERVICES AND OTHER INFORMATION ARE PROVIDED AS IS BY CLEVELAND CLINIC FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY . CLEVELAND CLINIC MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES , INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE , TITLE OR NON INFRINGEMENT . PLEASE NOTE THAT , BY ITS VERY NATURE , A WEBSITE CANNOT BE ABSOLUTELY PROTECTED AGAINST INTENTIONAL OR MALICIOUS INTRUSION ATTEMPTS . FURTHERMORE , CLEVELAND CLINIC DOES NOT CONTROL THE DEVICES OR COMPUTERS OR THE INTERNET OVER WHICH YOU MAY CHOOSE TO SEND CONFIDENTIAL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND CANNOT , THEREFORE , PREVENT SUCH INTERCEPTIONS OF COMPROMISES TO YOUR INFORMATION WHILE IN TRANSIT TO CLEVELAND CLINIC . THEREFORE , CLEVELAND CLINIC HEREBY MAKES NO GUARANTEE AS TO SECURITY , INTEGRITY OR CONFIDENTIALITY OF ANY INFORMATION TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM THIS WEBSITE , OR STORED WITHIN THIS WEBSITE . BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CARE TO SAFEGUARD YOUR INFORMATION WHILE IN TRANSIT , CLEVELAND CLINIC CANNOT AND DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE ABSOLUTE SECURITY OF ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS OR TRANSMISSIONS SINCE ANY TRANSMISSION MADE OVER THE INTERNET BY ANY ORGANIZATION OR ANY INDIVIDUAL RUNS THE RISK OF INTERCEPTION . IN ADDITION , WE HEREBY MAKE NO GUARANTEE AS TO SECURITY , INTEGRITY OR CONFIDENTIALITY OF ANY INFORMATION TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM THIS WEBSITE , OR STORED WITHIN THIS WEBSITE . YOU ASSUME THE SOLE RISK OF TRANSMITTING YOUR INFORMATION AS IT RELATES TO THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE , AND FOR ANY DATA CORRUPTIONS , INTENTIONAL INTERCEPTIONS , INTRUSIONS OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO INFORMATION , OR OF ANY DELAYS , INTERRUPTIONS TO OR FAILURES PREVENTING THE USE THIS WEBSITE . IN NO EVENT SHALL CLEVELAND CLINIC BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT , INDIRECT , SPECIAL , CONSEQUENTIAL OR MONETARY DAMAGES , INCLUDING FEES , AND PENALTIES IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF MATERIALS POSTED ON THIS SITE OR CONNECTIVITY TO OR FROM THIS SITE TO ANY OTHER SITE . CLEVELAND CLINIC MAY CHANGE THIS PRIVACY POLICY WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU . Other services provided by Cleveland Clinic on this Website may require you to agree to additional terms . If you have any questions about our privacy policy or our use of information gathered through our Web site , please contact our Webmaster at webmail @ ccf.org . Last updated : 3/18/2009 Copyright 2000-2013 Cleveland Clinic . All Rights Reserved . 
1.1 Questions . This website is owned and operated by 24 Hour Fitness USA , Inc . If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy , feel free to email us at cpm @ 24hourfit.com , or contact us by mail at the following address : 24 Hour Fitness P.O . Box 2689 Carlsbad , CA 92018 1.2 Scope . This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through electronic or digital means , including our website located at www. 24hourfitness.com , certain 24 Hour Fitness affiliated sites accessible through this website , such as mystore. 24hourfitness.com , our mobile website , and mobile applications , our social media pages located at https : //www.facebook.com/24HourFitness , https : //twitter.com/24hourfitness , http : //www.youtube.com/user/24HourFitnessInc , http : //www.linkedin.com/company/24-hour-fitness , http : //pinterest.com/24hourfitness , http : //instagram.com/24hourfitness , https : //plus.google.com/+24hourfitness and https : //foursquare.com/24hourfitness , and other electronic and digital means of communication ( collectively referred to in this Policy as our Digital Properties ) . Unless disclosed otherwise , our affiliated sites are governed by this Privacy Policy . Our Digital Properties also contain links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by 24 Hour Fitness . Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites . We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Digital Properties and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information . 1.3 No Information From Children Under Age 13 . If you are under the age of 13 , please do not attempt to register at 24 Hour Fitness or provide any personally identifiable information about yourself to us . If we learn that we have collected personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 , we will promptly delete that information . If you believe we might have any information from a child under the age of 13 , please email us at cpm @ 24hourfit.com , or contact us by mail at the following address : 24 Hour Fitness P.O . Box 2689 Carlsbad , CA 92018 1.4 Terms of Use . Please note that your use of our Digital Properties is also subject to our Terms of Use , or other applicable End User License Agreements associated with such Digital Properties . 2.1 Information You Provide Us . You can provide information to us through various means using our Digital Properties . The information we collect includes personally identifiable information , such as your name , home address , billing address , shipping address , telephone number , and email address , and social media account ID . You may also provide non-personally identifiable information , for example , demographic information , such as gender and date of birth , or the name of your employer or school . You can also provide demographic information , such as gender and date of birth . The information we collect may include the following : Name Home address Home / mobile telephone number Work telephone number Email address Gender Date of birth Credit , debit or other payment account number and related information and employment verification Health related information ( as explained below ) Social media account ID For corporate sponsored program participants : Name of Employer For health insurance related program participants : Insurance Information For school-related programs : name of School or Group For children enrolled in Kid 's Club : we collect from the parent/legal guardian , the name , date of birth , parent/legal guardian contact information , list of known allergies , and physical description ( hair and eye color ) During the My24 online account creation process you will select a user name and password . If you purchase any products or services through our Digital Properties we collect your credit card or debit card number and related information , as applicable . For retail online accounts , we maintain your order status , order history and other information through your mystore account . We collect information from you when you purchase a membership and other services from us , including when you use our My24 mobile app to purchase a membership and other services . If you sign up for a free day pass to our clubs , you will provide us your name , email address and telephone number , as well as non-personally identifiable information including your birthdate . 2.2 Log Information We Collect from You Automatically . We collect certain information automatically as you use our Digital Properties , including your IP ( Internet Protocol ) address , browser type , computer type , type of mobile device ( if used ) , the carrier for your mobile device , your computer operating system , the version of the Digital Properties that you access , the site from where you navigated to our Digital Properties , time and date of using the Digital Properties , whether you are a repeat visitor , how long you use the Digital Properties and the pages on or using our Digital Properties that you view . This information is anonymous , and we do not link it to your personally identifiable information . 2.3 Cookies . When you visit or use our Digital Properties we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device . A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website . When you visit the website again , the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser . Cookies may store unique identifiers , user preferences and other information . You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent . However , some website features or services may not function properly without cookies . We use cookies to improve the quality of our service , including for storing user preferences , tracking user trends and providing relevant advertising to you . 2.4 Pixel Tags . We may use " pixel tags , " which are small graphic files that allow us to monitor the use of our websites . A pixel tag can collect information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the tag appears ; the URL of the page on which the pixel tag appears ; the time the page containing the pixel tag was viewed ; the type of browser that fetched the pixel tag ; and the identification number of any cookie on the computer previously placed by that server . When corresponding with you via HTML capable email , we may use " format sensing " technology , which allows pixel tags to let us know whether you received and opened our email . 2.5 Physical Location . We may collect the physical location of your device by , for example , using satellite , cell phone tower , WiFi signals or your IP address . We may use your device 's physical location to provide you with location-based services and content . We may also share your device 's physical location , combined with information about what advertisements you viewed and other information we collect , with our marketing service providers to enable them to provide you with more localized content and to study the effectiveness of advertising campaigns . You may be able to allow or deny such uses and/or sharing of your device 's location by changing your device 's location settings , but if you choose to deny such uses and/or sharing , we and our marketing service providers may not be able to provide you with the location-based services and content . 2.6 Aggregated Information . We may aggregate personally identifiable information . Aggregated information is not personally identifiable information because it does not identify and is not associated with you or any other user of our Digital Properties . 3.1 To Provide Products , Services , and Information . As described above , we collect information from you so that we can provide products and services that you purchase using the Digital Properties and information that you request from us . We use your personally identifiable information to : Set-up your membership Provide services and products to you Process payments for your membership and services , including credit card , debit card and bank account debit ( ACH ) transactions Contact you regarding your membership and services , and other administrative information Respond to your inquiries , comments , reviews and ratings 3.2 Retail Online Account . When you create an online account for retail purchases , you can store your personally identifiable information and use it later when using our Digital Properties or purchasing products on or using our Digital Properties . You can also view your current orders and order history . 3.3 Newsletters . If you sign-up to receive newsletters or other communications from us , we use your email address and other relevant personally identifiable information to provide the newsletters and other communications to you . You can always opt-out of receiving email newsletters or advertisements by using the opt-out feature provided with the email communications . 3.4 Advertising . We use your information to provide advertisements and promotional information relating to products and services that we provide or otherwise offer for sale . We use cookies to track your activity on our Digital Properties so we can provide this advertising to you . 3.5 Our Business Purposes . We may use your information for our business purposes , such as data analysis , audits , fraud monitoring and prevention , developing new products and services , enhancing , improving or modifying our Digital Properties , identifying usage trends , determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities . 3.6 Other Purposes . We may use non-personally identifiable information for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law . In some instances , we may combine non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information ( such as associating your name with your employer if you are a participant in a corporate sponsored program ) , in which case we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information as long as it is combined . 4.1 Our Third Party Service Providers . We may share your information with our third party service providers and agents who provide services such as website hosting , data analysis , payment processing , order fulfillment , information technology and related infrastructure provision , customer service , email delivery , text messaging , credit card or other payment account processing , auditing and similar services . Contracts with our service providers require them to keep information confidential . 4.2 Advertising and Third Party Advertisers . We may use third party service providers to display ads on our behalf on our Digital Properties and third party sites not affiliated with 24 Hour Fitness . If you view a web page where our ads appear , the advertising company may place a cookie on your computer or use a Web beacon to access a cookie that they previously placed on your computer . These companies do not collect information that can personally identify you , but they may use information about your visits to our Digital Properties and other websites to measure the effectiveness of ads . We do not disclose any personally identifiable information to these companies . We may share aggregate Digital Properties usage information with third party advertisers and partners for the purpose of effectively targeting our online advertisements . Unless you are previously notified , these advertising companies do not link any online behavior or cookies with other information that can be used to personally identify you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address . These third party advertising networks also track visitors ' online usage and behavior patterns . These companies may use information about your visits to our Digital Properties and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our Digital Properties and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you . The result of these efforts is the creation of an online profile that attempts to predict individual user interests , preferences and purchasing habits . The third party advertising networks then accordingly customize the advertising content served to users when visiting other websites . At this time we do not respond to browser ' do not track ' signals , as we await the work of interested stakeholders and others to develop standards for how such signals should be interpreted . Third parties , including our service providers , may collect information about your online activities over time and across different Web sites , including when you visit our Web site . You can learn about how to exercise choice regarding the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party Web sites or online services by visiting www.aboutads.info . The Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) is a self-regulatory organization that provides educational content and opt-out tools to help Internet users learn about and address online interest-based behavioral marketing practices . For more information please visit the DAA website at http : //www.aboutads.info . 4.3 Legal Requests or Requirements and to Prevent Harm . We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Digital Properties . We may also share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activity , to prevent imminent bodily harm , or to prevent harm to 24 Hour Fitness , the Digital Properties , our members or other individuals . This may include sharing information with other companies , lawyers , courts , or other government entities . 4.4 Sharing by You . If you post comments , information or other materials on our message boards , blogs , social media pages or other services , please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public information and may be available to users of the Digital Properties and to the general public . We urge you to be very careful when deciding to disclose your personally identifiable information , or any other information , on the Digital Properties . 4.5 Transfer in the Event of Sale or Change of Control . If the ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes or we otherwise transfer assets relating to our business or the Digital Properties to a third party , we may transfer your personally identifiable information to the new owner to be used consistent with this Privacy Policy . 4.6 Other Sharing of Non-Personally Identifiable Information . We may share non-personally identifiable information with third parties for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law . In some instances , we may combine non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information ( such as associating your name with your employer if you are a participant in a corporate sponsored program ) , in which case we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information as long as it is combined . You can access and update certain information we have relating to your online account by signing into your account and going to the member information area of our Digital Properties . If you have questions about personally identifiable information we have about you or need to update your information , you can email us at cpm @ 24hourfitcom , or contact us by mail at the following address : 24 Hour Fitness P.O . Box 2689 Carlsbad , CA 92018 You can opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional emails from 24 Hour Fitness by accessing your membership information online at www. 24hourfitness.com/MemberServices or by using the opt-out or unsubscribe feature contained in the e-mails . emails . To opt-out of other means of marketing communications , including telephone , text or other electronic communications from 24 Hour Fitness , contact Member Services at 1-800-432-6348 . You can close your online retail shopping account by contacting us . If you close your account , we will no longer use your online account information or share it with third parties . We may , however , retain a copy of the information for archival purposes , and to avoid identity theft or fraud . We will try to comply with your request ( s ) as soon as reasonably practicable . If you opt-out of receiving marketing-related messages from us , we may still send you administrative messages so that you continue to receive important information ( for example , transactional messages relating to your membership , purchases and club information ) . We use industry standard physical , technical and administrative security measures to protect your information . Our employees have access to your personally identifiable information only on a need to know basis . Contracts with our third party service providers require them to keep information confidential . Sensitive data ( such as a credit card number ) is protected by SSL encryption when it is transmitted between your web browser and our Digital Properties . However , no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure ( for example , if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised ) , please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the Questions section above . Please note that emails you send to us through our Digital Properties are not encrypted , and we strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these mean If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes to the Privacy Policy on our homepage , and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it . We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time , so please review it frequently . Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on our Digital Properties . Your use of the Digital Properties following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy . 
SDSU Career Services is committed to maintaining good privacy practices regarding electronic personal information for all our users . All data collected for our job listing/resume database and on-campus recruiting services are stored on NACElink secure servers . Information collected is used to provide and tailor services to our users . It is also used to construct aggregate reports that assist us in program planning . The system for providing the job listing/resume database and the on-campus recruiting service uses cookies and may collect system information such as IP address and browser version . This system is provided by SDSU Career Services in partnership with two non-profit associations the National Association of Colleges and Employers ( NACE ) and DirectEmployers Association , Inc . All privacy policies for our partners have been reviewed by Career Services and are accessible through the links at the bottom of each page of our website . NACElink does not review job postings . Neither NACE , Symplicity ( the software provider ) , nor DirectEmployers ( for the NACElink Alumni Network ) review job postings on individual school web sites or nacelink.com . Site users are urged to validate job postings and use caution and common sense when applying . Do not disclose Social Security numbers , credit card information , or bank account numbers with unknown employers . Collection and access to student information is governed by campus and federal policy under the Federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ( SDSU FERPA statement ) , as well as the SDSU Acceptable Use Policy and Computing Security Policy . All of our users ' information is considered confidential and its use is restricted to SDSU Career Services staff , on an as-needed basis . If you have any questions , concerns , or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or privacy issues relating to Aztec Career Connection , please contact us . Students/Alumni You may change or correct your personal information at any time . Simply login to your account , go to Profile , and you will find options for editing the information you have submitted . Employers You may change or correct your organization and/or contact information at any time . Simply login to your account , click on Account ( for organization information ) or Profile ( for personal information ) , and you will find options for editing the information you have submitted . If you have any questions or concerns , or need help with modifying personal information on Aztec Career Connection , please contact Yiftach Levy at ylevy @ mail.sdsu.edu or 619.594.2364 . 
Privacy and Security Policy NCI complies with requirements for privacy and security established by the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) , Department of Health and Human Services ( DHHS ) , and the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) . This page outlines our privacy and security policy as they apply to our site as well as third party sites and applications that NCI uses ( for example , Facebook , YouTube ) . Your Visit to the NCI Website Your Visit to NCI on Third-Party Sites Your visit to the NCI website is private and secure . When you visit the NCI website , we do not collect any personally identifiable information ( PII ) about you , unless you choose to explicitly provide it to us . We do , however , collect some data about your visit to our website to help us better understand public use of the site and to make it more useful to visitors . This page describes the information that is automatically collected and stored . When you browse through any website , certain information about your visit can be collected . NCI uses the Adobe Omniture Web Analytics and Google Analytics programs to collect information automatically and continuously . We use this information to measure the number of visitors to our site and its various sections and to distinguish between new and returning visitors to help make our site more useful to visitors . However , no personally identifiable information ( PII ) is collected . The NCI staff conducts analyses and reports on the aggregated data from Adobe Omniture and Google Analytics . The reports are only available to NCI website managers , members of their Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties . NCI also uses online surveys to collect opinions and feedback from a random sample of visitors . NCI uses the Foresee Results ' American Customer Satisfaction Index ( ACSI ) online survey to obtain feedback and data on visitors ' satisfaction with the NCI website . This survey does not collect PII . Participation in the survey is voluntary . If you decline the survey , you will still have access to the identical information and resources on the NCI website as those who take the survey . Answers to the survey help NCI improve its website to make it easier to use and more responsive to the needs of our visitors . The NCI staff conducts analyses and reports on the aggregated data from the ACSI survey . The reports are available only to NCI website managers , members of their Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties . NCI retains the data from Adobe Omniture , Google Analytics , and ACSI survey results only as long as required by law or needed to support the mission of the NCI website . The Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies allows Federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies . When you visit any website , its server may generate a piece of text known as a " cookie " to place on your computer . The cookie allows the server to " remember " specific information about your visit while you are connected . The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of webpages . Requests to send cookies from NCI 's webpages are designed to collect information about your browser session only ; they do not collect personal information about you . There are two types of cookies , single session ( temporary ) and multi-session ( persistent ) . Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open . Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears . Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods . We use session cookies for technical purposes such as improving navigation through our website . These cookies let our server know that you are continuing a visit to our website . The " session " cookie is not permanently stored on your computer . The cookie and the information about your visit are automatically destroyed shortly after you close your browser to end the session . The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as " Usage Tier 1-Single Session. "  The policy says , " This tier encompasses any use of single session Web measurement and customization technologies. "  The OMB Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies allows Federal agencies to use persistent cookies in addition to temporary session cookies . We use persistent cookies to help us recognize new and returning visitors to the NCI website . Persistent cookies remain on your computer between visits to the NCI website until they expire . We do not use this technology to identify you or any other individual website visitor . NCI is running the American Customer Satisfaction Survey ( ACSI ) on the website , which uses " persistent " cookies to block repeated invitations to take the ACSI survey . We also use persistent cookies to enable NCI 's Adobe Omniture Web Analytics and Google Analytics programs to measure how new and returning visitors use the NCI website over time . The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as " Usage Tier 2 - Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) . "  The policy says , " This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected. "  If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer , you can disable them using your Web browser . If you opt out of cookies , you will still have access to all information and resources the NCI website provides . Instructions for disabling or opting out of cookies in the most popular browsers are located at http : //www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml . Please note that by following the instructions to opt out of cookies , you will disable cookies from all sources , not just those from NCI 's website . You do not have to give us personal information to visit the NCI website . If you choose to provide us with additional information about yourself through an e-mail message , form , survey , etc. , we maintain the information only as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication . For further information about NIH privacy policy , please contact the NIH Senior Official for Privacy at privacy @ mail.nih.gov , call ( 301 ) 451-3426 , or visit http : //oma.od.nih.gov/ms/privacy/privacyact.html . NCI does not disclose , give , sell , or transfer any personal information about our visitors , unless required for law enforcement or by statute . NCI 's website is maintained by the U.S. Government . It is protected by various provisions of Title 18 , U.S. Code . Violations of Title 18 are subject to criminal prosecution in federal court . For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , we use software programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage . In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations , and pursuant to any required legal process , information from these sources may be used to help identify an individual . Third-party websites and applications are Web-based technologies that are not exclusively operated or controlled by NCI . These include applications hosted on other non-government websites and those embedded on an NCI webpage . As part of the Open Government Directive , NCI uses a variety of new technologies and social media tools to communicate and interact with our audiences . Use of some of these applications could cause personally identifiable information ( PII ) to become available or accessible to NCI , regardless of whether NCI solicits or collects it . The table below lists the websites and applications we use . If any of these sites or applications collect PII , we describe what is collected and how NCI protects the information . Third-Party Website and Application How It Works AddThis AddThis allows you to bookmark and share our content on a variety of social media sites . You do not need to register or provide any personal information . The AddThis service providers collect non-personal data , including aggregate and summary statistics on browsers and usage patterns . AddThis also uses non-personal data to manage the service efficiently and diagnose server problems . Although AddThis offers some analytics and usage data to NCI , these reports do not include any personally identifiable information . The reports are password protected and only available to NCI managers , members of the NCI Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff requiring this information to perform their duties . ( See AddThis Privacy Policy Exit Disclaimer. )  Facebook NCI has three Facebook pages-National Cancer Institute ( in English Exit Disclaimer and Spanish Exit Disclaimer ) and National Cancer Institute-Office of Media Relations Exit Disclaimer . The privacy policies for the Facebook pages are located on these sites . On each of the NCI Facebook pages , NCI staff posts news and other items of interest to users . If you have a Facebook account or " Like " NCI Facebook pages , you can post comments or click on the " like " option for individual entries . If you comment or click on the " like " button , personally identifying information will be visible to NCI staff and other Facebook site visitors . The amount of visible personal information will depend on your own Facebook privacy settings . You can avoid displaying any personally identifiable information by not creating an account , not posting comments , and not clicking on the " like " options in Facebook . NCI staff does not collect , use , or disclose any information about visitors who comment or " like " the NCI Facebook sites . Facebook collects and reports on non-personally identifiable information about activities on Facebook pages . This information is password-protected and only available to NCI managers , members of the NCI Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties . ( See Facebook Privacy Policy Exit Disclaimer. )  Twitter NCI uses Twitter to send short messages ( up to 140 characters ) or " Tweets " to share information about NCI with our audiences and respond to comments and inquiries sent via Twitter to NCI . While users may read the NCI Twitter feeds without subscribing to them , users who want to subscribe to ( or follow ) NCI Twitter feeds must create a Twitter account at www.twitter.com . To create an account , you must provide some personal information , such as name , user name , password , and email address . You have the option to provide additional personal information including a short biography , location , or a picture . Most information you provide for a Twitter account is available to the public , but you can modify how much of your information is visible by changing your privacy settings at the Twitter.com website . NCI staff members monitor the number of subscribers and respond to comments and queries via Twitter , but the staff never uses the personal information of their Twitter followers . NCI does not collect , maintain , disclose , or share any information about people who follow NCI on Twitter . ( See Twitter Privacy Policy Exit Disclaimer. )  YouTube NCI videos introduce you to many different aspects of the research that NCI supports and connect you to our research-based information resources . Some videos feature stories from researchers , cancer patients , and their caregivers . Others seek to explain NCI 's major research programs . Most of these videos are available on NCI 's websites as well . ( See YouTube.com Privacy Policy Exit Disclaimer. )  To be notified when NCI adds new videos , users with YouTube accounts can subscribe to the NCIgov channel . NCI staff members monitor the number of subscribers and may respond to comments and queries on YouTube , but NCI does not collect , maintain , disclose , or share any information about people who follow NCI on YouTube . Disclaimer of Endorsement and Liability Website Linking Policy 
Privacy Statement This site keeps all your personal information secret . Your personal information is not shared with anyone else . Pavlina LLC has created this privacy statement for StevePavlina.com in order to demonstrate its firm commitment to privacy . The following statement discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site . This site may log your IP address to help diagnose problems with the web server and to administer this web site . This information is primarily used for general traffic tracking and security . This site uses cookies to track information about its visitors . This information includes the date/time of visits , pages viewed , and products ordered . This site provides order forms for you to buy products . When you place an order , this site collects contact information ( like your email address ) , and financial information ( like your credit card number ) . Contact information from the order forms is used only to get in touch with you when necessary . This includes sending you the product ( s ) you ordered and contacting you if there 's a problem with your order . Financial information that is collected is used to bill you for the order . This site allows visitors to sign up for a free newsletter by providing an email address . The email address you provide is used only to send you the free newsletter , and you can unsubscribe by clicking a link in any issue of the newsletter . This site contains links to other sites . This site and its owner ( s ) are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites . This site may make chat rooms , forums , message boards , and/or newsgroups available to its visitors . Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information , so you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information . This site has security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under its control . This site provides a secure server for all credit card orders , securely encrypting all personal data with industry-standard methods . This site does not store credit card numbers for processed orders . 
PETMD PRIVACY POLICY PrintPrint Last Modified : __ 7/22/11_______ Welcome to the petMD website ( the Site ) . Your privacy is important to us and this policy describes what information we collect , how we use it and how it is secured . You have the choice of : ( i ) just browsing the Site , or ( ii ) buying products or submitting questions to Ask petMD ( the Services ) . If you ask us to perform any of the Services you will be transmitting information to us that will identify you personally ( Personal Information ) . Accordingly , we are committed to the following :  When you transmit information from your personal computer to our servers , your information is protected by both a firewall ( a combination of computer hardware and software that helps keep unauthorized visitors from accessing information within our computer network ) and industry standard SSL ( secure socket layer ) encryption . Once we receive your transmission , we will take reasonable precautions to ensure its security on our systems . Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . As a result , while we strive to protect your Personal Information and privacy , we can not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and can not be responsible for the theft , destruction , or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Information . Additionally , your Personal Information may be stored on servers within or without the United States of America and in a jurisdiction that has data protection laws that are not as strict as those in your country . We also log in your IP address . An IP address is a number that 's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you 're surfing the web . We collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration and to track the use of the Site . When visitors request pages from the Site , our servers log the visitors ' IP addresses . It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable , which means that a visitor 's session will be logged , but the visitor remains anonymous to us . However , we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor only when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with the Site 's policies or to protect our service or customers , the Site , or others . To create a better experience for you we may also use cookies . Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual 's hard drive for record-keeping purposes . Cookies make web-surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you 're at the Site . We never save credit card information in cookies . The use of cookies is an industry standard -- you 'll find them at most websites . By showing how and when visitors use the Site , cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not . Information such as the total number of visitors and pages viewed is most easily tracked with cookies . We may use the information from cookies to make improvements and updates to the Site and to tailor our services to our visitors ' needs . You always have the option of disabling cookies using your browser preferences . You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent . However , please be aware that some features of the Site may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies . We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit petMD . The third-party advertising technology that we use on petMD uses information derived from your visits to petMD to target advertising within petMD . In addition , our advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on petMD or other websites . In the course of advertisements being served to you , a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed in your browser . In addition , petMD may use Web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage and optimize our online advertising . Web beacons enable petMD to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this site , and to learn which banner ads bring users to our Web site . To " opt-out , " please click here . The Ask petMD service provides an online question and answer forum and anything submitted in posts may be read , collected , and used by others , and petMD is not responsible for it . For example , search engines may index your questions , answers , and other posts to allow them to appear in search engine results ( e.g. if someone does a search on google.com , your questions , answers , and other posts on Ask petMD that relate to the search may appear in the google.com search results list ) . Protect your anonymity by not including your real name or any personally identifying information in your questions , answers , and other posts on Ask petMD . petMD does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use any of the Services . If you are under 13 , please do not attempt to use the Services or send any information about yourself to us , including your name , address , telephone number , or email address . No one under age 13 may provide any Personal Information to petMD . In the event that we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 we will delete that information as quickly as possible . If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 , please contact us here . petMD uses your information to fulfill your specific requests , purchase orders and to send you purchase confirmation and other account-related information . In addition , the Personal Information you provide will allow us to tailor our advertisements to you , send you electronic messages about things including new products , features , enhancements , special offers , upgrade opportunities , contests and events of interest . You may also later choose not to receive these electronic messages . petMD also uses personal and non-personal information , both individually and combined together , to better understand the behavior and preferences of our customers , to troubleshoot technical problems , to serve static and dynamic advertising , to enforce our Terms of Service , to ensure proper functioning of our products and services as well as to help improve them . In addition , we combine non-personal information with personal information , such as an email address , to tailor our offerings , web pages or game play experience to your preferences or interests . We may maintain copies of your Personal Information indefinitely , or delete certain information in whole or in part if we determine , in our sole discretion , that such information violates our Terms of Use , or for any or no reason . We may also disclose personal information to enforce legal rights and comply with the law , or to comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority , or when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights , property , operations , users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage , or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on petMD . We reserve the right to transfer your Personal Information in the event of a transfer of ownership of petMD or the acquisition of substantially all the assets of petMD related to the business which collected such information , such as acquisition by or merger with another company . In such an event , petMD will notify users who have provided email addresses when information about those users is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy . The terms of this Privacy Policy may change from time to time . We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on the homepage of the Site for a reasonable period of time after such changes are made that this Privacy Policy has been updated , and by changing the Last Modified date at the top of this Privacy Policy . We encourage you to check this page periodically for any changes . Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes . Any questions that you may have regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to the contact form here . 
Privacy Policy Statement Privacy Policy CureZone takes your privacy seriously . Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy . CureZone respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use CureZone services . Individually identifiable information about you is never disclosed to any third party ! CureZone does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or companies . Your email address is protected on CureZone and the only people who have the access to your email address are the members of the CureZone team . The members of the CureZone team must have the access to your email address in order to do their job - communicate important messages to you . NOTICE : Click here for important information about safe surfing from the Federal Trade Commission . This policy covers how CureZone treats personal information that CureZone collects and receives , including information related to your past use of CureZone services . Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available . This policy does not apply to the practices of websites that CureZone does not own or control . In addition , certain CureZone associated websites such as Google , Amazon , PayPal and Altavista have their own privacy statements which can be viewed by clicking on the links . Upon your first visit to CureZone , CureZone , like many other web sites , sends a " cookie " to your computer . A cookie is a small text file containing a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user . Cookies can not be used to infect your computer with viruses ! Cookies can not be used to collect information about you that you do n't wont to disclose ( name , address , phone , email )  CureZone uses cookies to improve the quality of our service . CureZone does this by storing user preferences in cookies . CureZone will never disclose its cookies to third parties . Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies . You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent . Be aware , however , that some parts of the CureZone Service may not function properly if you refuse cookies . We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website . These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here . The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on CureZone displaying Google AdSense for content ads . When you visit CureZone and either view or click on an ad , a cookie may be dropped on your browser . The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help Google better serve and manage the ads on CureZone and across the web . Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on CureZone . Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on the pages you visited on CureZone and other sites on the Internet . You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy . CureZone does not collect any unique information about you ( such as your name , email , etc. )  except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information . CureZone server , just like any other web server , logs and saves information such as time of day , browser type , browser language , and IP address with each page visit . That information is used to trace web site usage and to provide more relevant services to individual users . General CureZone collects personal information when you register with CureZone , when you use CureZone forums or when you subscribe for CureZone newsletter . When you register we ask for information such asemail address , while all other information is optional : your name , birth date , gender , zip code , occupation , industry , and personal interests.Once you register with CureZone and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us . CureZone automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser , including your IP address , CureZone cookie information , and the page you request . CureZone uses information for the following general purposes : to customize & fulfill your requests for services , to improve our services , to contact you and to conduct research . Children We do not collect any personal information from a child under age 13 . We do not allow children under age 13 to join curezone forums . CureZone does not ask a child under age 16 for more personal information ( name , address , phone , ... ) . Cookies CureZone may set and access CureZone cookies on your computer . General You can edit your CureZone Account Information , including your email address . We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the CureZone service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and special issues of the CureZone Newsletter , that are considered part of your CureZone account , without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them . You can delete all your personal information inside your CureZone account by visiting this page . But , you can not delete you username . Certain information , like you email address might possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted . Children Parents can review , edit , and delete information relating to their child 's CureZone account only with the child 's permission . If a parent chooses not to allow us to further collect or use a child 's information , parents must contact the webmaster . We limit access to personal information about you to members of the CureZone team who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide services to you or in order to do their jobs . We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you . To learn more about security , including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take , please read Security at CureZone . CureZone may update this policy . We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your CureZone account or by placing a prominent notice on our site . If you have questions or suggestions , please contact webmaster . 
Dr. Robert Rey Notice of Privacy Practices for Protected Health Information THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION . PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY . If you have any questions about this notice , please contact our Privacy Contact Rpbert Rey , M.D . This Notice of Privacy Practices describes how we may use and disclose your protected health information to carry out treatment , payment or health care operations and for other purposes that are permitted or required by law . It also describes your rights to access and control your protected health information . Protected health information is information about you , including demographic information , that may identify you and that relates to your past , present or future physical or mental health or condition and related health care services . We are required to abide by the terms of this Notice of Privacy Practices . We may change the terms of our notice at any time . The new notice will be effective for all protected health information that we maintain both before and after the change . Upon your request , we will provide you with any revised Notice of Privacy Practices by calling the office and requesting that a revised copy be sent to you in the mail or asking for one at the time of your next appointment . 1 . Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information You will be asked by your physician to sign this Notice of Privacy Practices . We will make a good faith effort to obtain a written acknowledgement that you received this Notice of Privacy Practices for Protected Health Information the first time we provide services to you after April 14 , 2003 or as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances . Your protected health information may be used and disclosed by your physician , our office staff and others outside of our office that are involved in your care and treatment for the purpose of providing health care services to you . Your protected health information may also be used and disclosed to obtain payment for your health care bills and to support the operation of the physician 's practice . Following are examples of the types of uses and disclosures of your protected health care information that the physician 's office is permitted to make . These examples are not meant to be exhaustive , but to describe the types of uses and disclosures that may be made by our office . Treatment . We will use and disclose your protected health information to provide , coordinate or manage your health care and any related services . This includes the coordination or management of your health care with a third party that may need access to your protected health information . For example , we would disclose your protected health information , as necessary , to a home health agency that provides care to you . We will also disclose protected health information to other physicians who may be treating you . For example , your protected health information may be provided to a physician to whom you have been referred to ensure that the physician has the necessary information to diagnose or treat you . In addition , we may disclose your protected health information from time-to-time to another physician or health care provider ( e.g. , a specialist or laboratory ) who , at the request of your physician , becomes involved in your care by providing assistance with your health care diagnosis or treatment to your physician . Payment . Your protected health information will be used , as needed , to obtain payment for your health care services . This may include certain activities that your health insurance plan may undertake before it approves or pays for the health care services we recommend for you such as : making a determination of eligibility or coverage for insurance benefits , reviewing services provided to you for medical necessity and undertaking utilization review activities . For example , obtaining approval for a hospital stay may require that your relevant protected health information be disclosed to the health plan to obtain approval for the hospital admission . Healthcare Operations . We may use or disclose , as needed , your protected health information in order to support the business activities of your physician 's practice . These activities include , but are not limited to , quality assessment activities , employee review activities , training of medical students , licensing , and conducting or arranging for other business activities . For example , we may disclose your protected health information to medical school students that see patients at our office . In addition , we may use a sign-in sheet at the registration desk where you will be asked to sign your name and indicate your physician . We may also call you by name in the waiting room when your physician is ready to see you . We may use or disclose your protected health information , as necessary , to contact you to remind you of your appointment . We will share your protected health information with third party business associates that perform various activities ( e.g. , billing , transcription services ) for the practice . Whenever an arrangement between our office and a business associate involves the use or disclosure of your protected health information , we will have a written contract that contains terms that will protect the privacy of your protected health information . We may use or disclose your protected health information , as necessary , to provide you with information about treatment alternatives or other health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you . We may also use and disclose your protected health information for other marketing activities . For example , your name and address may be used to send you a newsletter about our practice and the services we offer . We may also send you information about products or services that we believe may be beneficial to you . You may contact our Privacy Contact to request that these materials not be sent to you . We may use or disclose your demographic information and the dates that you received treatment from your physician , as necessary , in order to contact you for fundraising activities supported by our office . If you do not want to receive these materials , please contact our Privacy Contact and request that these fundraising materials not be sent to you . Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information Based Upon Your Written Authorization Other uses and disclosures of your protected health information will be made only with your written authorization , unless otherwise permitted or required by law as described below . You may revoke this authorization , at any time , in writing , except to the extent that your physician or the physician 's practice has taken an action in reliance on the use or disclosure indicated in the authorization . Other Permitted and Required Uses and Disclosures that may be made without Your Authorization or Opportunity to Object We may use and disclose your protected health information in the following instances . You have the opportunity to agree or object to the use or disclosure of all or part of your protected health information . If you are not present or able to agree or object to the use or disclosure of the protected health information , then your physician may , using professional judgment , determine whether the disclosure is in your best interest . In this case , only the protected health information that is relevant to your health care will be disclosed . Facility Directories . Unless you object , we will use and disclose in our facility directory your name , the location at which you are receiving care , your condition ( in general terms ) , and your religious affiliation . All of this information , except religious affiliation , will be disclosed to people that ask for you by name . Members of the clergy will be told your religious affiliation . Others Involved in Your Healthcare . Unless you object , we may disclose to a member of your family , a relative , a close friend or any other person you identify , your protected health information that directly relates to that person 's involvement in your health care . If you are unable to agree or object to such a disclosure , we may disclose such information as necessary if we determine that it is in your best interest based on our professional judgment . We may use or disclose protected health information to notify or assist in notifying a family member , personal representative or any other person that is responsible for your care of your location , general condition or death . Finally , we may use or disclose your protected health information to an authorized public or private entity to assist in disaster relief efforts and to coordinate uses and disclosures to family or other individuals involved in your health care . Emergencies . We may use or disclose your protected health information in an emergency treatment situation . If this happens , your physician shall try to obtain your acknowledgement of our Privacy Practices as soon as reasonably practicable after the delivery of treatment . If your physician or another physician in the practice is required by law to treat you and the physician has attempted to obtain your acknowledgement , but is unable , he or she may still use or disclose your protected health information for treatment , payment , and health care operations . Communication Barriers . We may use and disclose your protected health information if your physician or another physician in the practice attempts to obtain an acknowledgement of our Privacy Practices from you , but is unable to do so due to substantial communication barriers . Other Permitted and Required Uses and Disclosures that may be made without Your Consent , Authorization or Opportunity to Object We may use or disclose your protected health information in the following situations without your acknowledgement or authorization . These situations include :  Required by Law Public Health Communicable Diseases Health Oversight Abuse or Neglect Food and Drug Administration Legal Proceedings Law Enforcement Coroners , Funeral Directors and Organ Donation Research Criminal Activity Military Activity and National Security Workers ' Compensation Inmates Required Uses and Disclosures Following is a statement of your rights with respect to your protected health information and a brief description of how you may exercise these rights . You have the right to inspect and copy your protected health information . This means you may inspect and obtain a copy of protected health information about you that is contained in a designated record set for as long as we maintain the protected health information . A designated record set contains medical and billing records and any other records that your physician and the practice uses for making decisions about you . Under federal law , however ; you may not inspect or copy the following records : psychotherapy notes ; information compiled in reasonable anticipation of , or use in , a civil , criminal , or administrative action or proceeding ; and protected health information that is subject to law that prohibits access to protected health information . Depending on the circumstances , a decision to deny access may be reviewable . In some circumstances , you may have a right to have this decision reviewed . Please contact our Privacy Contact if you have questions about access to your medical record . You have the right to request a restriction of your protected health information . This means you may ask us not to use or disclose any part of your protected health information for the purposes of treatment , payment or healthcare operations . You may also request that any part of your protected health information not be disclosed to family members or friends who may be involved in your care or for notification purposes as described in this Notice of Privacy Practices . Your request must state the specific restriction requested and to whom you want the restriction to apply . Your physician is not required to agree to a restriction that you may request . If a physician believes it is in your best interest to permit use and disclosure of your protected health information , your protected health information will not be restricted . If your physician does agree to the requested restriction , we may not use or disclose your protected health information in violation of that restriction unless it is needed to provide emergency treatment . With this in mind , please discuss any restriction you wish to request with your physician . You may request a restriction by submitting a written request to our Privacy Contact . You have the right to request to receive confidential communications from us by alternative means or at an alternative location . We will accommodate reasonable requests . We may also condition this accommodation by asking you for information as to how payment will be handled or specification of an alternative address or other method of contact . We will not request an explanation from you as to the basis for the request . Please make this request in writing to our Privacy Contact . You may have the right to have your physician amend your protected health information . This means you may request an amendment of protected health information about you in a designated record set for as long as we maintain this information . In certain cases , we may deny your request for an amendment . If we deny your request for amendment , you have the right to file a statement of disagreement with us and we may prepare a rebuttal to your statement and will provide you with a copy of any such rebuttal . Please contact our Privacy Contact if you have questions about amending your medical record . You have the right to receive an accounting of certain disclosures we have made , if any , of your protected health information . This right applies to disclosures for purposes other than treatment , payment or healthcare operations and valid authorizations or incidental disclosures as described in this Notice of Privacy Practices . It excludes disclosures we may have made to you , for a facility directory , to family members or friends involved in your care , or for notification purposes . You have the right to receive specific information regarding these disclosures that occurred after April 14 , 2003 . You may request a shorter timeframe . The right to receive this information is subject to certain exceptions , restrictions and limitations . You have the right to obtain a paper copy of this notice from us , upon request , even if you have agreed to accept this notice electronically . You may complain to us or to the Secretary of Health and Human Services if you believe your privacy rights have been violated by us . You may file a complaint with us by notifying our Privacy Contact of your complaint . We will not retaliate against you for filing a complaint . You may contact our Privacy Contact Robert Rey , at 310 205-3107 for further information about the complaint process . This notice was published and becomes effective on April 14 , 2003 . 
Our Commitment to Privacy Updated November 20 , 2009 Our Commitment to Privacy Your privacy is important to us . To protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used . When you request information , order a product or service , register using one of our forms , donate , or contact us offline , we may need your specific information in order to process your registration/request and reply promptly . We may ask you for contact information ( such as your name , email and address ) and demographic information ( such as your zip code or age ) . We also collect demographic and profile data at our site and in our databases . We ask for health-related data to help us help you through our information , our programs and our services . We use data you provide to tailor your experience at ADA and develop and distribute content that we think you might be interested in . In general , we use identifiable information to complete a transaction , as indicated below . Part of our mission is to improve the lives of all people affected by diabetes , and we do that by providing appropriate health information . We do not provide your name and address or email to outside parties , except as described here . To learn more about our encryption policies , please review the section on " Protecting Personal Information " ( below ) . This site may provide links to other World Wide Web sites or resources . You acknowledge and agree that the American Diabetes Association has no control over such sites and resources and is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources , and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Materials , advertising , products , or other materials on or available from such sites or resources . You further acknowledge and agree that the American Diabetes Association shall not be responsible or liable , directly or indirectly , for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Materials or goods available on or through any such site or resource . We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the American Diabetes Association Web site . We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important changes to the Web sites , new services or features offered by the American Diabetes Association , and special offers and information we think you will find valuable . If you would rather not receive this information , please contact us through one of the channels identified in " How to Correct or Update Information " ( below ) . Google Analytics is used to analyze traffic to this Web site . Google Analytics does not maintain individual profiles for visitors , nor does Google Analytics collect data that might identify the individual visitor . Google Analytics only collects aggregate data . Click here for more information about the Google Analytics privacy policy . When you place orders or access your account information , we use a secure server . This secure server software , SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) , encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us . Furthermore , all of the customer transactional data we collect is protected against unauthorized access with the use of digital certificates . Digital certificates for the American Diabetes Association are issued by VeriSign , one of the most established signers of digital certificates . We collect standard information , by way of a cookie , to help us evaluate how our sites are being used . A cookie is a small uniquely identifiable text file that is stored on your machine . A cookie collects information that is used for statistical purposes and does not identify you in any way . Our sites use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to make sure you do n't see the same content repeatedly . We use cookies to deliver information specific to your interests and to save your password so you do n't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site . Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can change your browser settings to prevent that . Even without accepting cookies , you can still use most of the features throughout the American Diabetes Association Web sites . ADA Policies Regarding Disclosure of Personal Information ADA , like many other non-profit organizations , occasionally makes available only our contributor names and postal addresses to companies , predominantly other non-profit organizations . In addition , member and donor names are provided to a credit card vendor as part of our affinity program . Names of Tour de Cure participants may be provided to local bike shops . These practices help us reduce costs of reaching more individuals with our diabetes-related information . These companies are carefully screened . Names/addresses are provided on a one-time basis ; therefore , these companies will not have continued access to your name and address unless you respond to them directly , which you are free to do or not to do . You can request that we do not share your information by emailing us at privacy @ diabetes.org . ( If you use more than one email address , postal address or telephone number , please identify each one. )  The American Diabetes Association may provide aggregate statistics about our customers , sales , traffic patterns , and related site information to reputable third-party vendors , but these statistics will include no personal identifying information . Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important . We adhere to the 1998 Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) . ( For more information , visit the Federal Trade Commission 's COPPA site . Special Considerations for Parents and Legal Guardians Regarding Planet D and Diabetes CampMessage Boards Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important . Children under age 13 are prohibited from entering the diabetes.org Message Board area . PlanetD Message Boards : PlanetD is designed to be a safe place for children and youth to exchange messages . No personally identifiable information is collected during the PlanetD Message Board registration process . Diabetes Camp Message Boards : Access to the Diabetes Camp Message Boards is controlled ; only children and youth who have attended an ADA sponsored , supported , or affiliated Diabetes Camp are provided access . To ensure authentication , personally identifiable information ( first name , last name , and a child 's email address ) are collected , along with the email address of a parent or legal guardian . This information is collected only for authentication purposes , and is securely stored , and never used for another purpose , and never shared with third-parties . It is our recommendation that children , especially children under 13 , have an email account that is connected to their parent or guardian , so that the parent or guardian is notified about the child 's email activity . Parents and legal guardians are encouraged to contact the American Diabetes . Association at any time regarding privacy questions or concern . Parents and legal guardians may also contact us at any time to request that we delete a child 's PlanetD-ID and/or CampDiabetes Message Board registration information and/or refuse to permit further access to the PlanetD and CampDiabetes Message Boards . We will take steps to ensure that any person contacting us for a child 's information is that child 's parent or guardian . American Diabetes Association 1701 N , Beauregard Street Alexandria , VA 22311 ATTN : Customer Service Center Phone : ( 703 ) 549-1500 Email : privacy @ diabetes.org ADA does not send unsolicited commercial email to individuals with whom they do not have consent/permission or a pre-existing or current business relationship . ADA provides all email recipients with a clear , easy and effective method to unsubscribe to any and all online communications . Here are the options for changing and modifying information previously provided . Email privacy @ diabetes.org or send a letter to :  American Diabetes Association 1701 N. Beauregard Street Alexandria , VA 22311 ATTN : Customer Service Center The American Diabetes Association welcomes your questions and comments about this privacy statement , about the practices of the ADA , and about your dealings with this Web site . Please send email to privacy @ diabetes.org , or write to :  American Diabetes Association 1701 N. Beauregard Street Alexandria , VA 22311 ATTN : Internet Strategy & Operations 
Privacy Policy This privacy policy was last updated October 12 , 2011 . Weil Lifestyle , LLC , an Arizona limited liability company that owns and operates www.drweil.com , www.drweilonhealthyaging.com , www.drweilvitaminadvisor.com , www.drweilproducts.com , www.drweilblog.com , www.spontaneoushappiness.com and www.weiljuvenon.com ( known hereafter collectively as " Weil Lifestyle , LLC " , " Websites , " " we " or " us " ) cares about the privacy of each user of our Websites . If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy , you should contact Webmaster @ DrWeil.com . You can also contact us via regular mail at : Weil Lifestyle , LLC , PO Box 24762 , Tempe , AZ 85285 . The Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites have agreed to notify each user of the following : What personal information of yours or a third party is collected from you by the Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites The name of the organization collecting such information . How the information is or may be used . With whom the information may be shared . What choices are available to you regarding the collection , use and distribution of such information . The security procedures that are in place to protect against the loss , misuse or alteration of the information which is under the control of the Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites . How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information . The Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites ( including www.drweil.com , www.drweilonhealthyaging.com , www.drweilvitaminadvisor.com , www.drweilproducts.com , www.drweilblog.com , www.spontaneoushappiness.com and www.weiljuvenon.com ) collectively the " Websites " collect information from our users at several different points on our Websites . When you use any of the Websites , some basic , general information is collected . This general information is used internally in connection with our business to improve the Websites , including our marketing and advertising efforts , and to make your use of the Websites as enjoyable and efficient as possible . When you set up an account on our Websites or purchase an item from our Websites , we collect personal information provided by you voluntarily that may include your : ( i ) first and last name ; ( ii ) billing address ; ( iii ) shipping address ; ( iv ) other shipping addresses ; ( v ) email address ; ( vi ) phone number ; ( vii ) credit card account number ; ( viii ) items purchased from us . We use this personal information in order to provide you with the content , subscriptions , goods and services that you request or purchase on our Websites . We use your email address to provide you with information about your order and its status and we may occasionally send out emails , including newsletters , to people who have placed an order on-line , with information about other goods and services available on our Websites . Your phone number may be used by us in the event that our customer service representatives need to contact you about an order you have placed or to contact you regarding customer offers or information you have requested or we need to provide to you . As you use the Websites and services , certain information may also be passively collected . Through cookies , pixels , beacons , log files and other technologies , we may collect information about how you use the Websites and services . By knowing about you , we can deliver more helpful information , programs , tools and advertisements . Please see the Third Party Advertising on Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Targeted Advertising sections below for more information . Weil Lifestyle , LLC , owns and operates the Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites and we are the sole owner of this information collected on them . We will not sell , share , or rent this information to a third party in any way other than as disclosed in this privacy policy without your opt-in agreement . We may share this information to a 3rd party or vendor in ways disclosed in this privacy policy . We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities and may , in our sole discretion , disclose personal information or other information to satisfy any law , regulation , subpoena , or government request . We reserve the right to release personal information or other information about users who we believe are engaged in illegal activities or are otherwise in violation of our Terms of Service , even without a subpoena , warrant or court order , if we believe , in our sole discretion , that such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate our Websites or to protect the rights or property of Weil Lifestyle , LLC , our affiliates , or our officers , directors , employees , agents , third-party content providers , suppliers , sponsors , or licensors . We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities we reasonably believe in our sole discretion to be unlawful . If we are legally compelled to disclose information about you to a third party , we will attempt to notify you by sending an email to the email address in our records unless doing so would violate the law or unless you have not provided your email address to us . To use some features on the Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites , a user must first complete a registration form on the Website . During registration , a user is required to give contact information , such as name and email address . This information is used to contact users about the services on our Websites for which they have indicated interest . In some cases , except for www.drweilvitaminadvisor.com Website , it is optional for users to provide additional , demographic information , such as age and gender , but we encourage our users to provide such information so that we can provide a more personalized experience for our users on our Websites . When completing the initial Vitamin Advisor questionnaire , we ask general questions about your lifestyle , family history , medical history , and current medications . This information is used to develop a personalized supplement program recommendation for you . There is no cost to you and you may use this recommendation as you choose . While our goal is to provide you with our CustomPak Product , you have no obligation to purchase products from us . We provide the Vitamin Advisor free of charge . The information is provided for informational purposes only and is not intended as a substitute for any information contained on or in any product label or packaging . You should not use the information from any Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites for diagnosing or treating any health problem or disease , or prescribing any medication or other treatment . A cookie is a text file stored on the user 's hard drive containing information about the user . Websites create cookies to record information about a user 's preferences , such as the items you add to your shopping cart , and for security purposes ( see Security below ) . Cookies are also used to help us determine the various services you use and the support you may need , and to help us detect and solve any problems you may have while using our Websites . In addition , the use of a cookie on our Websites will enable users to log on without having to reenter their password on each visit and to fully participate in our Community discussions . Most cookies expire after a certain time period . If you wish , you may set your browser to reject all cookies and still view our Websites . Cookies placed by Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites are not tied to any personally identifiable information . Also , in the course of serving advertisements to our Websites , our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser . Banner advertisements appearing on these Websites are delivered to you by third-party ad-servers ( AdJuggler , DART ) . Information about your visits to these Websites , such as number of times you have viewed an ad ( but not your name , address , or other personal information ) , is used to serve ads to you . Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites third party vendors may use cookies to understand Web usage patterns of users who see advertisements on the Websites , to control the sequence of advertisements you see , to make sure you do n't see the same advertisement too many times , to determine your interests and to target advertisements and promotions based on those interests . These third party vendors may connect information about pages you visit on our Websites with information about pages you visit on other Websites and show you advertising based on this combined information . The advertisement may appear when you are visiting a different section of the Websites , another sSite or any other website on the internet if the website also has a relationship with our vendor . Advertisers on the Websites may also engage in Behavioral Advertising and use cookies and web beacons in the manner described above . We do not control these third parties ' use of cookies or web beacons or what they do with the information they collect . Many third party vendors that engage in Behavioral Advertising participate in the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) and abide by NAI principles , which prohibit members from connecting Personal Information to information they collect through cookies without your explicit consent . If you wish to opt out of participating in advertising programs conducted by NAI members or learn more about the NAI , please go to the NAI Opt-Out website and follow the instructions . After you opt-out , you will still see advertisements from NAI members , but the advertising will not be tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns . If you would like more information about these practices and to know your choices about not having this information used , please visit http : //www.doubleclick.com/privacy/opting_out.aspx . Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Websites display retargeted ads to our site prospects , on our behalf , across the Internet by the use of the services of advertising partners who collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our Websites , and your interaction with our products and services . The anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag which is industry standard technology used by most major Websites . No personally identifiable information is collected during this process . If you do not want the advertising partners of Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Websites to collect this information , you may opt out of their services . Opting out will not affect your use of the Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Websites . If you wish to opt out of participating in advertising programs conducted by NAI members or learn more about the NAI , please go to the NAI Opt-Out website and follow the instructions . After you opt-out , you will still see advertisements from NAI members , but the advertising will not be tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns . We know how important it is to keep the information you 've entrusted to us confidential . We will not rent , sell or share your personal information with third parties except as specifically approved or under the circumstances described below . If you do not want us to use or disclose personal information collected about you in the ways identified in this policy , you should not use the Websites or services . A. Disclosure for Legal Reasons We may disclose and release your personal information to third parties : ( a ) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( b ) in special cases , such as a physical threat to you or others , a threat to homeland security , a threat to our system or network , or cases in which we believe it is reasonably necessary to investigate or prevent harm , fraud , abuse , illegal conduct or a violation or alleged violation of this policy or other agreement we may have with you . B. Disclosure for Shipping and Billing Reasons We use an outside shipping company to ship orders placed on our Websites , and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services purchased on our Websites . These companies will not retain , share , store or use any of our user 's personal information for any secondary purposes . We partner with other parties to provide specific services that are available on our Websites . When a user signs up for these services , we will share the user 's name or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services to the use . These parties are not allowed to use such personal information except for the purpose of providing these services . Like most standard Websites , we use log files on our servers . These log files store information regarding IP ( internet protocol ) addresses , browser type , ISP ( internet service provider ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp , and number of clicks . These log files are used to analyze trends , administer the Websites , track user 's movements in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for our use . IP addresses , etc. are not linked to personal information . Below are some examples of our co-branded relationships . When accessing certain areas of the Websites , please be aware that even though the pages may have the same look and feel of these Websites , you are actually entering your personal information on the co-branded partner Website . You may reference their privacy policy in these areas . Weil Lifestyle partners with Drugstore.com for the fulfillment and shipment of orders placed through the Dr. Weil Vitamin Advisor and Dr. Weil on Healthy Aging . Drugstore.com and Weil Lifestyle do share personally identifiable information to fulfill and ship orders only for those customers who have purchased through the Dr. Weil Vitamin Advisor . Drugstore.com does not use this personal information for their own purposes . They only use it as needed to provide this service to our customers . Weil Lifestyle partners with Everyday Health , Inc. for the " My Optimum Health Plan " offered to our users as a premium membership product and available for purchase from Everyday Health , Inc . Everyday Health , Inc. and Weil Lifestyle , LLC do share personally identifiable information to provide this premium service only to those members who have purchased the product . However , Everyday Health , Inc. does not use this personal information for their own purposes . They only use it as needed to provide this service to our members . Weil Lifestyle partners with Juvenon for the Weil Juvenon supplement product . When accessing the Weil Juvenon purchase page , please be aware that even though the pages may have the same look and feel of this Website , you are actually entering your personal information on the co-branded partner website . You may reference their privacy policy in these areas . Weil Juvenon partners with the Yahoo , Inc Small Business e-commerce platform to operate the online shopping cart which sells Weil Juvenon . Some Licensees in the marketplace partner with Amazon or their own shopping cart engine to sell their products . Weil Lifestyle , LLC partners with UClick for the puzzles provided on www.drweilonhealthyaging.com . Please be aware that the puzzle pages have the same look and feel of this Website , however , you are actually on the UClick site and no personally identifiable information is required or passed to UClick . Weil Lifestyle , LLC partners with Amazon.com and Sounds True , Inc to sell books , CD 's , tapes and Weil branded retail vitamins . Weil Lifestyle , LLC does not pass or share any personal information with Amazon.com or Sounds True , Inc . Amazon.com and Sounds True , Inc may share aggregate purchase information with Weil Lifestyle , LLC for the purpose of determining revenue share . Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Websites use third-party tracking and analytics services Google Analytics and RTmetrics by AuriQ Systems , Inc ( " Analytics Service Providers " ) . The information collected about your use of the Websites ( including your IP address ) will be transmitted to and stored by the Analytics Service Providers on servers in the United States . The Analytics Service Providers use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website , compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage . The Analytics Service Providers may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process the information on the Analytics Service Provider 's behalf . You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser , however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website . By using Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Websites , you consent to the processing of data about you by our Analytics Service Providers in the manner and for the purposes set out above . The Websites contain links to other Websites . We want you to be aware that when you click on such links , including banner advertising , which take you to a third-party or Licensee Website , you will be subject to such third-party 's or Licensee privacy policies . Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other Websites and we expressly disclaim any and all liability for the actions of third parties or Licensees , including , without limitation , actions relating to the use and/or disclosure of personal information by such third parties or Licensees . We encourage our users to be aware of when they leave our Websites and enter a third-party Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects their personal information . This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by our Websites . Weil Lifestyle , LLC uses an internal email management system as well as a third-party Email Service Provider ( Lyris , Inc. ) . If a user wishes to subscribe to one of our e-bulletins , either Dr. Weil 's Daily Tip , Weekly Wellness Bulletin , weekend editions , special interest editions or any others that we offer , we will ask for contact information , such as name and email address . If a user elects to use our referral service to inform a friend about a part of our Websites , a form asks for the friend 's name and email address . The form will automatically send the information to the friend via email . We may store this information for tracking and reporting purposes , and we will use the form only to send this one-time referral email . User Generated Content : Feedback , Ratings , Comments , Public Forums and " Ask Dr. Weil " In order to post a message , comment , rate or to use the " Ask Dr. Weil " feature on our Websites , you will be asked to sign in with your member login information . We do not use this information in any way other than to recognize you for postings nor do we disclose this information to any third parties . With regard to the message boards , your email address is not visible on the boards , however other users are able to send you email via your nickname without your email address being displayed . Weil Lifestyle does not share this information with any third parties unless required by authorized law enforcement agencies when required . With regard to the " Ask Dr. Weil " feature , your name will be used if your question has been selected for use in the " Q&A " section of the www.drweil.com Website . If you do not wish your name used , our editor 's can , at their discretion , omit this information from the posted Q&A if you elect to remain anonymous and so request in the body of your submitted question . Do remember that whatever you post on the message boards or write as part of the " Ask Dr. Weil " feature , it is considered public knowledge and you should always use caution when posting . Avoid posting your home address or phone number on any public board or chat . Although one must be a registered user to post messages the message boards are public and may be read by non-registered users . Weil Lifestyle reserves the right to re-publish your postings from the message boards in any format . To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum , contact us at Webmaster @ DrWeil.com . In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why . Surveys and Contests From time-to-time , our Websites requests information from our users via surveys or contests . Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user has a choice whether or not to provide us with such information . Information requested may include contact information , such as name and shipping address , and demographic information , such as zip code , age level . It may also be shared with other third parties as disclosed at the time of collection or in the promotion rules . These third parties may include a provider of prizes in order to update you of your status of you prize or other fulfillment needs or a co-sponsor who may use your Personal Information to administer the promotion or for marketing purposes , but only in conformance with their privacy policy as made available to you at the time of collection . If data will be disclosed or shared in this manner , we will include a notice at the time of collection of such information . Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes . Survey information will be used to monitor or improve the use and efficiency of these Websites . Security The security of your personal information is important to us . When you enter sensitive information ( such as credit card number ) on our registration or order forms , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) . We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it . No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however . Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security . If you have any questions about the security of our Websites , you can send an email to Webmaster @ DrWeil.com . Communications from our Websites We send all new members a welcoming email to verify their password and user name . Established members will occasionally receive information on products , services , special deals , and the e-bulletins . Each user has the option to not receive these types of communications ( see Choice/Opt-Out below ) . Occasionally , it is necessary to send out service-related announcements . For instance , if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance , we might send you an email informing you of such service interruption . Generally , users may not opt-out of receiving these service-related communications . In addition , we communicate with our users on a regular basis to provide requested services and regarding issues relating to their account via email . Correction/Updating Personal Information If a user 's personal information changes or if a user no longer desires our service , we will enable our users to correct , update or remove from our Websites the personal data they provided to us . Such changes can be made either through the member information page on our Websites or by emailing our Webmaster at Webmaster @ DrWeil.com . Choice/Opt-out Our users are given the opportunity when registering with our Websites to opt-out of having their information used for purposes not directly related to the provision of goods or services through our Websites and for each Web newsletter , publication or special edition . Our membership form has an opt-out mechanism so , users purchasing a product , newsletter or membership from us may elect to not have their email address added to our marketing and promotional address lists . Users who no longer wish to receive our e-bulletins or other marketing and promotional materials from our partners or us may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to any such promotional email indicating your desire to no longer receive such emails or by emailing our Webmaster at Webmaster @ DrWeil.com . Users of our Websites will be notified if , in connection with the use of a particular service on our Websites , their information will be collected by any outside third-party . At such time , the user can determine whether they wish to proceed with a service that will involve an outside party having access to their information . Collecting Information from Children Younger Than 13 Years of Age The Websites are not directed or intended for children under 13 years of age . We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from individuals under 13 years of age . If you are under 13 years of age , you should not register or provide Personal Information on the Websites or through the services . If we later obtain actual knowledge that a user is under 13 years of age , we will take steps to remove that user 's Personal Information from our systems . If you are the parent or guardian of a child whom you believe has disclosed Personal Information to us , please contact us at Webmaster @ DrWeil.com so that we may delete and remove such child 's information from our systems . Data Retention We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services . If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at Webmaster @ DrWeil.com . We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . Our privacy policy is subject to change . In the event of any change , we will provide notice of such change on our Websites . If we want to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated to you at the time you provided such information to us , we will notify you of such change by posting notification of such change on our Websites . At such time , you can determine whether you wish to allow us to use your information in this different manner . If you have opted out of all communication with our Websites or have deleted or deactivated your account with us , then you will not be contacted and your personal information will not be used . If you have any questions about this privacy policy or believe that the Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites are not abiding by our privacy policy , please contact our Webmaster by e-mail at Webmaster @ DrWeil.com . 
This Privacy Promise is provided by your plan sponsor 's pharmacy benefit manager or , if not applicable , Express Scripts Holding Company ( in either case , " we " , " us " or " our " ) to all visitors ( " you " or " your " ) who use the publicly available pages of the Express-Scripts.com website located at http : //www.express-scripts.com/ , Registered Members of the Member Website ( unless otherwise expressly provided on the Member Website ) , and those users who have been granted authorized access to non-publicly available portions of the Express-Scripts.com website ( individually and collectively , the " Site " ) . The Site may be accessed via the World Wide Web , mobile device or through a hyperlink embedded in an email or on a website hosted by a third party or one of our affiliated companies . " Members " ( or " Beneficiaries " in the case of the TRICARE program ) are individual participants in a prescription drug benefit plan . Individual Members who are at least eighteen years old and who have submitted a completed account registration form on the Site , or have completed the appropriate registration process from their plan sponsor 's website , or have completed the registration process via telephone with a customer service representative , or are otherwise qualified as a beneficiary under the TRICARE program are all " Registered Members " ( or " Registered Beneficiaries " in the case of the TRICARE program ) who will be provided access to the Member Website after completing the registration process . The " Member Website " is a member-only account portal available through the Site or via mobile access which enables Registered Members to access their personal account information and to use certain other Services offered only to Registered Members . " Services " include , for example but not limitation , access to the Member 's account and the Personal Information and Protected Health Information of the Member and ( subject to certain required approvals ) of the Member 's Covered Household Members . " Cardholders " ( or " Sponsors " in the case of the TRICARE program ) are Members of a prescription drug benefit plan who carry the membership under their name for themselves and their Covered Household Members . " Covered Household Members " mean individuals who are covered through the prescription drug benefit plan under the Member 's account . " Adult Dependent " means a Covered Household Member who is over the age of eighteen . If your Member Website identifies or contains a hyperlink to a Privacy Promise ( or Privacy Policy ) that is different from this Privacy Promise , the terms of the Privacy Promise ( or Privacy Policy ) provided to you as a hyperlink from your Member Website or otherwise set forth in your Member Website is the Privacy Promise ( or Privacy Policy ) that applies to you until such time as you are otherwise notified . The terms contained in that Privacy Promise ( or Privacy Policy ) will override any conflicting terms contained in this Privacy Promise . We are firmly committed to protecting the confidentiality of your Personal Information . The term " Personal Information " means any information which can be used to identify you or any individuals who are your Covered Household Members , including by way of example , but not limitation , name , date of birth , mailing address , phone number , cell phone number , e-mail address , credit card information , and/or Social Security number . " Protected Health Information " means any information related to your and any Covered Household Members ' health or medical status , including , by way of example , but not limitation , names of your doctors , health conditions , medicines , and/or prescription information and history . In addition to this Privacy Promise , the version of our " Notice of Privacy Practices " which is applicable to you and made available to you on the Site describes how we may use and disclose your Protected Health Information , and your rights to access and update your Protected Health Information and how to request restrictions on our use and disclosure of your Protected Health Information . To the extent any terms in this Privacy Promise conflict with any terms in the Notice of Privacy Practices , the Notice of Privacy Practices will control and override the terms in this Privacy Promise . How We Collect Non-Personal Information General Tracking Information When you register and/or visit the public or Member Website portions of the Site , we may collect Non-Personal Information from you . " Non-Personal Information " means a data element or collection of data elements that by itself can not be associated with a specific individual . Non-Personal Information includes by way of example but not limitation , the Internet browser or computer operating system you are using , your IP address or the automatic tracking of the pages of this Site that you access , and Site data collected on an aggregated , anonymous basis through web server logs and cookie technology ( further described below ) , third-party ad servers , and clear GIFs . Our web server automatically collects this information , including your IP address , when you request pages from our server . We may also collect other information regarding your interactions with the Site . Cookies We utilize a standard technology called " cookies " and web server logs to collect information about how our Site is used . A cookie is a very small text file , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier . Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits , the pages viewed , the time spent at our Site , and the websites visited immediately prior to and after visiting our Site . When you visit the Site , the Site 's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies . Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser 's preferences allow it . With most Internet browsers , you can erase cookies from your hard drive , block all cookies , or receive a warning before a cookie is stored . Please refer to your browser 's instructions or online help files to learn more about these functions . How We Use Non-Personal Information We use two kinds of cookies - session ID cookies and persistent cookies . Session ID cookies are used to personalize your user experience , to determine ways to improve our Site , Site content , and the Services offered through the Site . These cookies are deleted from your hard drive when you close your browser session . Persistent cookies are used to collect non-personally identifiable information such as Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp and number of clicks . We use your IP address so that we can send data ( such as the web pages you request ) to you . We aggregate this data with data on the pages visited by other users to track overall visitor traffic patterns to help us understand how you use the Site and your preferred and most frequently used Site pages and Services , to provide you with better service connections and improved Site use and functionality , and to provide you with information on other services and offers that may be of interest to you . We analyze utilization information in the aggregate to study outcomes , costs , and provider profiles , and to suggest benefit designs for your employer or health plan . These studies generate Aggregate Data ( described below ) which we may utilize , sell or disclose to other companies or organizations . We will not sell or disclose your Non-Personal Information to other companies or organizations . We may perform statistical analyses of the traffic patterns , Site usage and behaviors associated with our Site . We may use these analyses to generate Aggregate Data from the original Non-Personal Information . " Aggregate Data " is summary level data , such as the number of users in a specific gender in a specific zip code , who have chosen a specific benefit plan . Aggregate Data does not contain information that can be used to identify or contact you , such as your name , address , telephone number or e-mail address , and does not reflect the original form of the Non-Personal Information collected from you . We may sell or disclose the Aggregate Data to other companies or organizations , and we may engage third parties who operate a Linked Site to collect Non-Personal Information from users of that Linked Site and share that Non-Personal Information with us as part of services provided on our behalf . Linked Site providers will not have the ability to translate the Non-Personal Information they collect for us into Personal Information . Please see our Linking Policy below for more details . In some cases , we may share Non-Personal Information with third parties who provide services to us . How We Collect Your Personal Information and Protected Health Information Registration Registration is optional ; however , Registered Members are provided access to the Member Website and to information and online Services not provided on the public website , as well as the ability to login to the Member Website when revisiting the Site . When you register as a Registered Member , the Personal Information required to be submitted is limited to information that is reasonably necessary to allow you access to and use of the Member Website . Once you are a Registered Member , you may be required to provide additional Personal Information and/or Protected Health Information as necessary to effectively use the Services offered through the Member Website . The Personal Information you disclose to us during registration and in connection with the Services is provided strictly on a voluntary basis . We may also collect Non-Personal Information during the registration process as described above . When you become a Registered Member , you may be asked to provide us with the Personal Information and/or Protected Health Information of one or more of your Covered Household Members . Purchases In addition to providing Personal Information during the registration process , you may provide us with Personal Information or Protected Health Information on the checkout page of the Site when ordering and paying for products and/or if you choose to purchase products or services using our " e-check " electronic funds transfer program or through an automatic refill option . Designated Caregiver Should you choose to assign a Designated Caregiver ( " Caregiver " ) in the " Profile " section of the Member Website , you will be asked to provide Personal Information about this individual . The Personal Information may include the individual 's full name , date of birth and gender which will be used by us to properly identify your Caregiver when he or she contacts us on your behalf . Communications When you become a Registered Member or Registered Beneficiary , we may communicate with you for a variety of purposes in accordance with your communication preferences . By registering for use of the Member Site , you have authorized us to communicate with you through your provided e-mail address . You may change your designated communication preferences on the communication preferences page of the Member Site . For example , if you do not wish to receive e-mails or certain types of e-mails from us , you may so designate on the communication preferences page . In general , once you have authorized us to utilize a particular manner of communicating with you , we may cease communicating with you through other communication channels . At times , we may utilize communication channels not designated in your communication preferences , or may contact you regarding a particular issue or through a particular communication channel despite an otherwise stated communication preference . In certain instances , we may communicate with you through a different communication channel , or we may utilize multiple communication channels to reach you . Examples of when we may not be able to fully follow your communication preferences include when required by law , when we are unable to reach you by your preferred communication channel , when you have reached out to us by a particular communication channel and we respond by communicating with you through the same communication channel , or in the case of an emergency or other extenuating circumstance . You may continue to use all communication channels available to you to reach us regardless of your communication preferences . How We Use Your Personal Information and Protected Health Information We will not use or disclose your Personal Information or your Protected Health Information in a manner inconsistent with applicable law , this Privacy Promise or the Notice of Privacy Practices . Examples of our uses and disclosures include :  We will manage your prescription benefits and process your prescription drug claims . This process may involve sharing certain Personal Information and/or Protected Health Information with you and/or your doctor , pharmacist , health plan or plan administrator . These disclosures are made in accordance with the terms of your health plan or prescription benefit plan . We will process and send you orders you have placed through our pharmacy . We may send you information or contact you regarding health conditions , medicines , or programs designed to improve your health . We may send you promotional offers or marketing information that may be of interest to you . We may use third-party agents for purposes of marketing and transactional communications . In certain circumstances , we may be legally compelled to release your or your Covered Household Members ' Personal Information or Protected Health Information in response to a court order , subpoena , search warrant , law or regulation or the terms of the Notice of Privacy Practices . Covered Household Members Personal Information and Protected Health Information Our Member Website may include features through which Registered Members may view their own Protected Health Information ( such as their prescription history ) and their Personal Information . In addition , Cardholders may use the Member Website to view Protected Health Information and Personal Information of any Covered Household Members under the age of eighteen . When registering to use the Member Website , Adult Dependents have the ability to deny sharing their Protected Health Information or other Personal Information with other Covered Household Members , including Cardholders , spouses , parents or guardians by choosing certain privacy settings at the time of registration and/or adjusting the privacy settings at any time after registration . Adult Dependents and Cardholders may not access the Protected Health Information or other Personal Information of other Adult Dependents unless the Adult Dependent has approved such access . Express Scripts disclaims all present and future liability for any unauthorized use or access by any Adult Dependent of another Adult Dependent 's Personal Information . How You Can Correct/Update Your Personal Information and/or Protected Health Information You can correct or update your Personal Information or Protected Health Information at any time using the following options :  Login to the Member Website and update your Personal Information . Call the Customer Service number on your Member ID card . Write to : Express Scripts Attention : KANA Team One Express Way , St. Louis , MO 63121 TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION , PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION AND NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION All Personal Information , Protected Health Information and Non-Personal Information obtained through our Site is owned by us . Accordingly , if we are acquired , merge with another entity , or we divest one or more of our businesses , affiliates or subsidiary companies , the Sites , and any Personal Information , Protected Health Information and Non-Personal Information obtained through them , may be transferred to an applicable entity for the purposes of continuation of Services , in accordance with applicable law and the Notice of Privacy Practices . USAGE BY CHILDREN As stated in the Covered Household Member Information section of this Privacy Promise , our Sites is neither intended for nor designed to attract users who are under the age of 18 . We are committed to preventing the unintentional collection of Personal Information and Protected Health Information from children under the age of 13 . Any Personal Information and Protected Health Information of a child under 13 that is provided to us must be provided by the Registered Member , and not by a child under the age of 13 who is using the Site . If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 whom you have reason to believe has provided his or her own Personal Information or Protected Health Information to us , you have the right to request the removal of that child 's Personal Information and/or Protected Health Information from our database . In order to request such removal , please send an e-mail to privacy @ express-scripts.com . You will be required to verify your identity as the child 's parent or legal guardian in order to have their Personal Information or Protected Health Information removed . Our Site may contain hyperlinks allowing our users to connect to websites owned by our third-party vendors , distributors , and providers ( " Linked Sites " ) . You may also access our Site through a hyperlink embedded in a Linked Site . We provide hyperlinks to the Linked Sites as part of the Services to enable you to conveniently access websites that may be of interest to you . Please note that once you click on a hyperlink that transfers you from our Site to a third party 's Linked Site , you have left our Site , and this Privacy Promise will immediately cease to apply to any subsequent activity on the Linked Site . We are under no obligation to notify you when you have left our Site and have accessed a Linked Site . Use of any Linked Site will be governed by the privacy policy ( if any ) on the Linked Site . You may , at your option , participate in surveys or provide other information to our affiliates that control a Linked Site , and that information may be shared with us or with others subject to the privacy policy terms set forth on that Linked Site . Certain Non-Personal Information that you choose to provide through a Linked Site ( such as your member ID or comments ) that is subsequently provided to us by the Linked Site provider in connection with a service engagement may be identifiable to us as your Personal Information . We will not share any information that we identify as Personal Information with the Linked Site provider . We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of this website across the entire transaction process . We take reasonable technical and procedural precautions to protect the information provided by our members . Our Internet infrastructure is protected using industry recognized commercial security products , including current encryption technology , and best practice procedures for maintenance of the website . In addition , our infrastructure is monitored 24 hours a day , seven days a week . No method of transmission over the Internet or storage of data on an Internet server is 100 % secure . Although we use commercially acceptable and reasonable precautions to protect your Personal Information , we do not guarantee its absolute security . YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY PROMISE You are deemed to have assented to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Promise when you use the Site and/or when you have indicated in your online registration that you accept the Terms of Use into which this Privacy Promise is incorporated . You are deemed to have accepted this Privacy Promise each time you access the Site and/or the Member Website after initial registration by using your personal login and password . If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Promise , please do not use the Site . The terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Promise are subject to and may be superseded by applicable Federal and State laws . We use Non-Personal Information , Personal Information and Protected Health Information collected from you and from Covered Household Members only within the scope of use described in this Privacy Promise . However , we reserve the right , from time to time in our sole and absolute discretion , to change , modify , to add terms or remove terms from this Privacy Promise without advance notice to you . Changes to this Privacy Promise will be reflected when we post a new version number and updated revision date . Therefore , we recommend that you check the version number and revision date prior to using the Member Website , and that you review this Privacy Promise on a frequent basis . Your continued use of the Member Website after this Privacy Promise has been updated , as shown in the version number and revision date , indicates your agreement and acceptance of this Privacy Promise , including all changes made as of the date of your use of the Member Website . HOW TO SEND US YOUR COMMENTS We welcome your comments . If you have general feedback regarding this Privacy Promise , please email us . Upon submission , any suggestions you make regarding the Site become our property , and we shall have the right to use any of your comments or suggestions without further permission from or notice to you . Specific questions regarding the enforcement of this policy should be directed to privacy @ express-scripts.com . 
Privacy Policy Main Content This website is provided as a public service by the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) . Information presented on this site is considered public information and may be distributed or copied . Use of appropriate byline/photo/image credits is requested . For more information , please contact FEMA-Privacy @ fema.dhs.gov . The information we learn about you from your visit to our website depends upon what functions you perform when visiting our site . For site management , information is collected for statistical purposes . This government computer system uses software programs to create summary statistics , which are used for such purposes as assessing what information is of most and least interest , determining technical design specifications , and identifying system performance or problem areas . If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website , read pages , or download information , we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically . This information does not identify you personally . We automatically collect and store the following information about your visit : The Internet domain ( for example , " xcompany.com " if you use a private Internet access account , or " yourschool.edu " if you connect from a university 's domain ) and IP address ( an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web ) from which you access our website ; The type of browser and operating system used to access our site ; The date and time you access our site ; The pages you visit ; and If you linked to the FEMA website from another website , the address of that website . We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors -- to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use . We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits . Certain areas of FEMA 's website provide disaster-related educational content for children . FEMA is committed to complying with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act and does not use its website to collect personal information from children under the age of 13 years old . In instances where a child under the age of 13 submits a question or comment , FEMA will only use the child 's e-mail address to respond to the inquiry and will delete the message in accordance with its approved records schedule . For more information , please contact FEMA-Privacy @ fema.dhs.gov . FEMA uses cookies on its websites solely to allow complex , software user-driven applications to function correctly . For example , FEMA 's online ordering services for U.S. Fire Administration and the FEMA Flood Map Store publications allow users to shop through online catalogs . When a user " checks off " a publication , the transaction consists of a separate " signal " that is sent by the user 's computer to FEMA 's site . In order to maintain a complete record of the total order , the FEMA server sends a " cookie " back to the user 's computer solely for the purposes of identifying that user 's order . The only information collected during this process is related to that particular publication order . This information is not retained after the online order is sent or completed . FEMA 's use of cookie technology is not otherwise designed , intended or used to collect , store or analyze information pertaining to Internet users . The Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) has enabled Google Analytics on FEMA 's Website ( s ) . Google Analytics is a tool that helps the Department gather feedback using non-identifiable aggregated data such as number of unique visitors to a page and the navigation the visitor took to get to a specific piece of content . The Department will use this data to make modifications to the website to improve the user experience and monitor the traffic on the website . In order to use this tool , Google sets a cookie on your machine or device . While this cookie is set automatically , you may chose not to have the cookie placed on your machine or device without any modifications to the appearance or functionality of the website by following the instructions below . You may also delete the cookie at any time through the options tab on your browser also outlined below . The cookie monitors your navigation through the website and records : 1 ) what content was viewed ; 2 ) how you arrived at the specific content ; 3 ) your ISP provider including the ISP provider 's geographic information ; 4 ) the time spent viewing a specific piece of content ; 5 ) the time spent on the entire website ; 6 ) the path taken to access the website ; and 7 ) the connection speed of the session . Google Analytics does not tell the Department who you are or allow the Department to determine your identity nor does the cookie monitor or record your web usage after you leave the Department 's website ( s ) . The data is automatically sent from the cookie on your machine or device to Google 's system which immediately aggregates the data . Neither the Department nor Google will ever have access to the specifics of your particular session . What the Department will see is the aggregate data from all users for a particular time period . The Department is gathering this information for internal purposes and has chosen to not share the aggregate data with Google . We may use the aggregated data to share with our partners and contractors to help improve the user experience . The Department will retain the aggregated data as long as required per our records retention policy . The Department has taken great efforts to protect your privacy . The DHS Privacy Office has conducted a Privacy Impact Assessment ( PIA ) specifically on how the use of Google Analytics impacts the privacy of visitors to the Department 's website ( s ) . Please visit the Privacy Office 's website to view the PIA at DHS.gov . To opt out of having the cookie installed on your machine or device , you may need to adjust your internet browser 's cookie settings . If you use multiple browsers on your machine or device , you will need to complete this process for each browser used . Please visit USA.gov for instructions for common browsers . If you have any questions about our use of Google Analytics please contact the DHS Office of Public Affairs . AddThis is a URL-based social bookmarking tool that allows users to share links of FEMA websites on various social media sites . While FEMA 's implementation of AddThis does not use cookies , AddThis does collect non-personally identifiable information about browser type , operating system , and selected social media platform , which is provided as aggregate data to FEMA . AddThis does not store any personal information about you , such as your social media account log in information . For more information , please see the AddThis privacy policy . Please also note that use of AddThis will navigate you away from FEMA.gov . Once you leave FEMA.gov , the privacy policy of the destination website will apply . Unauthorized attempts to defeat or circumvent security features , to use the system for other than intended purposes , to deny service to authorized users , to access , obtain , alter , damage , or destroy information , or otherwise to interfere with the system or its operation is prohibited . Evidence of such acts may be disclosed to law enforcement authorities and result in criminal prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996 ( Pub. L. 104-294 ) , ( 18 U.S.C. 1030 ) , or other applicable criminal laws . For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , this government computer system employs software programs to monitor host and network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage . Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits . Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration guidelines . Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act. "  FEMA has been engaging in Web 2.0 tools and on social media sites nationwide as part of its mission to prepare the nation for disasters . FEMA is not collecting or retaining any privacy information from our use of third party Web 2.0 application . We are however , retaining a copy of all comments posted to our sites as required by our records retention policy and will only be releasing them when required by federal law . We ask that you do not provide any personally identifiable information such as : a FEMA case number , social security number , or any other information you do not want available to the general public in your comments to FEMA when using these applications . FEMA will attempt to remove any personally identifiable information from these sites , but may not be able to do so until after it has been made publically available . If you choose to post personally identifiable information on any public site you do so at your own risk . FEMA disclaims any liability for any loss or damage resulting from any comments posted on these applications . The privacy policies of all third party sites apply in the collection and dissemination of user data . FEMA encourages all users to read the privacy policies before registering or posting to any application . If you have any comments that you wish to share with FEMA involving personally identifiable information please contact the appropriate FEMA program . All FEMA text messages are sent from our dedicated number , which is 43362 ( 4FEMA ) . We will never charge you for text message alerts , but carrier message and data rates may apply . Your carrier may collect additional data elements , please see their privacy policies for further details . We will not use your phone number to track , reverse look up , or for any type of commercial marketing . Visit our text message page for basic commands and how to get started . By downloading the FEMA App , the user agrees to the following terms : FEMA will make all reasonable attempts to keep this App bug free and up to date . However , this App and all information , content , and materials included on or otherwise made available to you through this App are provided by FEMA on an " as is " and " as available " basis . FEMA makes no representations or warranties of any kind express or implied , as to the operation of this site or the information , content , or materials included on or otherwise made available to you through this App . You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your own risk . To the full extent permissible , by applicable Federal law , FEMA disclaim all warranties , express or implied , including , but not limited to , implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose . FEMA does not warrant that this App , information , content , or materials included on or otherwise made available to you through this App are free of viruses or other harmful components . FEMA will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this App from any information , content , or materials , included on or otherwise made available to you through this App , including , but not limited to direct , indirect , incidental , punitive , and consequential damages . FEMA does not see , collect , or store any data you enter into the App . Any and all information you enter into the App is stored on your device and not on FEMA 's website or server . As such , FEMA is not responsible for any damages resulting from the loss or theft of that information . The App only transmits photos/texts uploaded by the user , along with geospatial coordinates ; the App does not transmit any personal information ( i.e. , phone number , user 's name ) associated with your device . FEMA does use Bing Maps ( FEMA does not endorse any non-Federal government entities or products ) on this App . While Microsoft has advised FEMA that they do not collect any personal information , they do collect the number of times a map is accessed via the mapping feature on the FEMA App , This information is not shared with FEMA . FEMA is not responsible for any information collected by Microsoft . While FEMA does not charge for the use of this App normal carrier data fees may apply . Please consult your carrier to discuss any charges related to the use of this App . FEMA is a Federal Government entity and as such does not endorse any non-Federal US Government entities . You may not use this App or any of the information in this App to imply that FEMA endorse you or your organization . This App should not be used to contact FEMA during an emergency . If you are in need of emergency assistance please contact 9-1-1 . If you need to register for FEMA assistance please visit the FEMA mobile site at m.fema.gov . Last Updated : 07/29/2013 - 17 : 20 
Yahoo takes your privacy seriously . Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy . The federal government and technology industry have developed practical tips to help you guard against Internet fraud , secure your computer and protect your personal information . How Yahoo Uses Your Personal Information This policy covers how Yahoo treats personal information that Yahoo collects and receives , including information related to your past use of Yahoo products and services . Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available . This privacy policy only applies to Yahoo This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control , or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage . In addition , some companies that Yahoo has acquired have their own , preexisting privacy policies which may be viewed on our acquired companies page . Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program Yahoo participates in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union . To view our certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site . For more information about Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program , please visit our Safe Harbor details page . Return to top General Yahoo collects personal information when you register with Yahoo , when you use Yahoo products or services , when you visit Yahoo pages or the pages of certain Yahoo partners , and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes . Yahoo may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies . When you register we ask for information such as your name , email address , birth date , gender , ZIP code , occupation , industry , and personal interests . For some financial products and services we might also ask for your address , Social Security number , and information about your assets . When you register with Yahoo and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us . Yahoo collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners , including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer . Yahoo automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser , including your IP address , Yahoo cookie information , software and hardware attributes , and the page you request . Yahoo uses information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients . Return to top When Yahoo has knowledge that a child under age 13 is attempting to register with Yahoo , we ask the child to have a parent or guardian create a Yahoo Family Account to obtain parental permission . Visit Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts to learn more about children 's privacy on Yahoo . Return to top Yahoo does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances : We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo under confidentiality agreements . These companies may use your personal information to help Yahoo communicate with you about offers from Yahoo and our marketing partners . However , these companies do not have any independent right to share this information . We have a parent 's permission to share the information if the user is a child under age 13 . See Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts for more information about our privacy practices for children under 13 . We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims . We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Yahoo 's terms of use , or as otherwise required by law . We transfer information about you if Yahoo is acquired by or merged with another company . In this event , Yahoo will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy . Yahoo displays targeted advertisements based on personal information . Advertisers ( including ad serving companies ) may assume that people who interact with , view , or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteriafor example , women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area . Yahoo does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad . However , by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad . Yahoo advertisers include financial service providers ( such as banks , insurance agents , stock brokers and mortgage lenders ) and non-financial companies ( such as stores , airlines , and software companies ) . Yahoo works with vendors , partners , advertisers , and other service providers in different industries and categories of business . For more information regarding providers of products or services that you 've requested please read our detailed reference links . Return to top Yahoo may set and access Yahoo cookies on your computer . Yahoo lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer . Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not this one . Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Yahoo 's cookies . Yahoo uses web beacons to access Yahoo cookies inside and outside our network of web sites and in connection with Yahoo products and services . Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences General You can edit your Yahoo Account Information , including your marketing preferences , at any time . New categories of marketing communications might be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time . Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive . We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Yahoo service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and the Yahoo Newsletter , that are considered part of your Yahoo account , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them . You can delete your Yahoo account by visiting our Account Deletion page . Please click here to read about information that might possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted . Return to top We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs . We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you . To learn more about security , including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take , please read Security at Yahoo . CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Yahoo may update this policy . We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Yahoo account or by placing a prominent notice on our site . Return to top If you have questions , suggestions , or wish to make a complaint , please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at : Yahoo ! Inc . Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues 701 First Avenue Sunnyvale , CA 94089 ( 408 ) 349-5070 If you feel that your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please click here for information on consumer agencies that may be able to provide you with additional assistance . Last Updated : May 31 , 2013 
HUFFINGTONPOST.COM : PRIVACY POLICY The Huffington Post , a wholly-owned subsidiary of AOL Inc. , which owns and operates the website www.huffingtonpost.com ( the " Site " ) , takes your privacy very seriously . This privacy policy is intended to inform you about the information that is collected from you when you visit the Site ; how this information may be used and disclosed ; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information ; and how your information is protected . If you have any questions about this privacy policy , please contact our privacy team at privacy @ huffingtonpost.com . Scope What information the Site collects How we use the information that we collect Information sharing Third-party services Your choices Access Confidentiality and security Visitors from outside of the United States Children under 13 Changes to the privacy policy Questions and suggestions This privacy policy applies only to the Site . This policy does not apply to information collected through any other website or to the practices of companies that the Huffington Post does not control . Please note that the Site may contain links to other websites . For example , if you click on an advertisement on the Site and link to another website , then this privacy policy will not apply to any information collected on that website . We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites , and we recommend that you read the privacy policies of each website that you visit . Information you provide directly to us : You are not required to provide information directly to us in order to view the Site . However , when you use certain Site functions , such as when you register for certain services , access certain content or features , or directly contact the Site , we may ask you to provide information , including : contact information , such as name , email address , postal address , phone number , and mobile number ; username and password ; information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features ; search queries conducted on the Site ; and correspondence you send to us . Information automatically collected when you visit and interact with the Site : When you visit and interact with the Site , certain information may be collected automatically , including : your computer 's Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ; your browser type and operating system ; the web pages you were visiting immediately before and after you came to the Site ; activities within community discussions ; web pages and advertisements that you view , and links that you click on , within the Site ; your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs that are installed on your computer ; aggregated data about email click-through rates and user video viewing ; standard server log information ; and information collected through HTML cookies , Flash cookies , web beacons , and similar technologies . For more information , please see our discussion of cookies and other technologies . Information we collect from other sources : We may access information about you from third-party sources and platforms ( such as social networking sites , databases , online marketing firms , and ad targeting firms ) , including : if you access third-party social networking services ( such as Facebook Connect or Twitter ) through the Site , your username and connection lists for those services ; demographic data , such as age range , gender , and interests ; advertisement interaction and viewing data , such as ad click-through rates and information about how many times you viewed a particular ad ; and unique identifiers , including mobile device identification numbers , that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law . Please note that the Site may combine the information that we collect with information we obtain from third-party sources . Email Communications : We may use the information that we collect to send you e-mail communications , such as editorial updates , information about your account or changes to the Site , and promotional messages about our own or our marketing partners ' products and services . If you signed up for one of our email newsletters , we also will send you the newsletter that you requested . Mobile Communications : With your consent , we may use your mobile number to send you promotions , notifications , or other services . Advertising : In order to provide our readers with free access to our content , we display advertisements on the Site , many of which are targeted based on information about you . For example , using information collected through cookies , web beacons , and other sources , we may use demographic data or information about your online activities or interests to display targeted advertising that may be relevant to your preferences . Through this process , advertisers reach Site visitors who are most interested in their products , and you see advertising for products or services in which you may be interested . For more information on how cookies and other technologies work , please see our discussion of cookies and other technologies . Third-party advertisers and advertising platforms also may serve targeted ads on the Site . For more information , please see our section on third party advertising . Please remember that the information practices of third-party advertisers or platforms collecting data on our site are not covered by this privacy policy . User Accounts : To provide you with an open , but also civil , discussion forum , we track user involvement in our community discussions . For example , we keep track of the ratio of how many flagged comments are eventually deleted in order to award badges to our most effective comment moderators . For more information on this process , please see our FAQ section about comment moderation guidelines . Request Fulfillment : We may use the information that we collect to fulfill your requests for products , services , and information . For example , we may use your contact information to respond to your customer service requests or to enable you to participate in features on the Site such as surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and message boards . Statistical Analysis : In order to learn more about how our Site is used , we aggregate and analyze the data that we collect . We may use this information , for example , to monitor and analyze use of the Site , to increase our Site 's functionality , and to better tailor our content and design to suit our visitors ' needs . Enforcement : We may use the information that we collect to prevent illegal activities , to enforce the Site 's Terms and Conditions , and to otherwise protect our rights and the rights of our users . In addition to the uses identified above , we may use the information that we collect for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent . The Huffington Post values your privacy , and shares information about our users only under certain circumstances . We will make information about you available to other companies , applications , or people in the circumstances listed below : We may share aggregated information or information that does not directly identify you with third parties to help us develop content , services , and advertising that we hope you will find of interest . Please note that we do not share contact information with third parties that advertise on the Site . We may employ third parties to perform Site-related services , including database management , maintenance services , analytics , marketing , data processing , and email and text message distribution . These third parties have access to your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf . If you choose to engage in public activities on the site , such as posting comments on community message boards , any information you submit can be read , collected , or used by others . Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information in public activities or submissions . We may share information about you in the event that the Site is acquired by or merged with another company or a similar corporate transaction takes place . However , the Site will notify you by placing a prominent notice on our site or sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account before your information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy . We may share information about you to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety or other rights and interests of any person , violations of the Site 's Terms and Conditions , or as otherwise required by law . We may share information about you to respond to subpoenas , search warrants , judicial proceedings , court orders , legal process , or other law enforcement measures , to establish or exercise our legal rights , or to defend against legal claims . In addition to the scenarios identified above , we may share information about you for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent . Please note that third parties may independently collect data about you , including your IP address and information about the websites you visit and the links you click , through cookies , clicks on links , or other means when you visit or view ads on the Site . For more information , see our section on cookies and other technologies and third party advertising . To customize your experience on the Site and to simplify the Site 's registration process , we provide you with the opportunity to access or interact with third-party services , such as Facebook and Twitter . When you connect to the Site through these third-party services , we may share information about you with these third-party service providers and they may share data about you with us . When you allow us to access your data through a third-party service to create a Site profile , we may use this data for several purposes , including : Creating relationships automatically within our system . For example , if you connect to us via a service with a public friend list , like Twitter , we may check to see if any people you follow on Twitter are also Site members . If we find a match , we will replicate your Twitter relationship with those members , setting them to be fans , followers , or friends on our Site . Suggesting relationships . For example , if you connect via a service that has a private contact list ( like Google and Yahoo ! ) , we check for people in your contacts who are Site members and suggest that you become a fan of these users . This process is not automatic ; you must affirmatively choose to become a fan of these suggested users . Populating a list of potential friends to whom you can send emails . When users share content with their friends using , for example , the forward-to-a-friend feature on the Site , we may use friend lists from third-party services to create a list of contacts to whom you may choose to send the email message . Populating a list of potential friends to whom you can send service-specific messages . For example , we may use friend lists from a third-party service to create a list of contacts to whom you may choose to send an invitation to view an interactive slideshow . To enhance and personalize your experience on the Site . When you are connected via a third-party service , we may access certain account information , such as your profile picture , what stories are popular in your network , and what your friends are saying about certain articles or blog posts , in order to enhance and personalize your experience on the Site . In addition , if you connect to a Facebook account , your experience on the Site may be personalized . For example , you may automatically see what stories are popular in your network , and what your friends are saying about particular stories . Please note that you may disconnect third party accounts at any time . Click here for a link to your social profile , where you may set your privacy preferences or disconnect all of your third-party service accounts . You also may be able to modify your privacy settings directly with the third-party service . To modify your Facebook privacy settings , click here . To modify your Twitter privacy settings , click here . Please remember that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party services . We encourage you to read the privacy policies of all third-party service providers . Deactivating your account You can deactivate your account at any time by visiting the preferences page for your profile . When you deactivate your account , your user profile will be disabled , but your public comments will remain on the site . The Site has no responsibility to take down , remove , or edit any of your public activities or any submissions that are a result of your public activities . For more information , please review our Terms and Conditions . Cookies and other technologies As discussed in the sections on cookies and other technologies and third party advertising , some information is collected about you automatically through cookies and other technologies . Cookies . You can change your browser settings to reject all cookies , accept only certain cookies , or notify you when a cookie is set . Please note that you may need to renew these settings if you delete your cookies after these preferences are made . These settings also may not apply if you are using a different computer or Internet browser . In addition , many third-party advertising networks are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( " NAI " ) . To opt out of having information collected by NAI member companies used for behavioral advertising , to obtain information about the technologies these ad networks might use , and to view information regarding their privacy policies , please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp . Flash Cookies . You can control how Flash cookies are used by visiting the Adobe Macromedia site , located here . Adobe enables you to allow some Flash cookies from certain websites , limit Flash cookies ' storage capacity , and disallow Flash cookies altogether . In addition , if you use Mozilla Firefox for your Internet browser , you can download the BetterPrivacy add-on to automatically delete your Flash cookies every time you close your browser . If you opt out of these technologies , you will continue to see advertising displayed on the Site , but the advertising may not be targeted to your interests . Please remember that we do not have access to , or control over , advertisers ' or service providers ' cookies , and the information practices of third parties are not covered by this privacy policy . For more information on the use of cookies in online advertising , please see the section on third party advertising and visit the NAI 's website . If you choose to share contact information with us , you may update or amend this information by contacting us at privacy @ huffingtonpost.com . We limit access to contact information about you to employees or service providers who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs . We also have adopted commercially reasonable technical , physical , and administrative procedures to help protect information about you from loss , misuse , and alteration . Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . We want you to feel confident using the Site , but we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us . The Site 's offices are located in the United States . If you visit the site from another country , please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Site may be processed in and transferred to the United States and will be subject to U.S. law . U.S. privacy and data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence . By using the Site or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , transfer , storage , and processing of information to and in the United States . European Union Residents : AOL adheres to the EU-US Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Security , Data Integrity , Access and Enforcement , and is registered with the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Program . We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 . If we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent , we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible . If you believe that we may have collected information from a child under 13 , please contact us at privacy @ huffingtonpost.com . We may update this privacy policy at any time to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings . If we modify this privacy policy , we will update the " Effective Date. "  We will notify you of any material changes in the way we treat your information by placing a prominent notice on our site or sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account . If you have questions about this privacy policy , please contact our privacy team at privacy @ huffingtonpost.com . 
Thank you for visiting CNN.com , a site presented to you by Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. ( Turner ) . Your privacy is important to us . As such , we provide this privacy statement explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this general audience Turner site , and among Turners network of affiliated websites ( Turner Network ) , which includes any sites or services owned , operated or offered by or on behalf of Turner or its affiliates . At some Turner Network sites , you can order products , enter contests , vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion , subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters , or participate in one of our online forums or communities . In the course of these various offerings , we often seek to collect from you various forms of personal information . Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include : name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number , credit card information , and information about your interests in and use of various products , programs , and services . At some Turner Network sites , you may also be able to submit information about other people . For example , you might submit a person 's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card and , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient , you might submit the recipient 's name and address . Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address , and telephone number . At certain parts of some of our sites , only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products , programs , and services or otherwise participate in the site 's activities and offerings . We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , and partners may collect various types of non-personally identifiable information when you visit any of our sites . A representative list of the types of non-personally identifiable information collected may include : current Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer ) , the type of operating system you are using , ( e.g. , Microsoft Windows or Mac OS ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , Comcast , Verizon or AT&T ) , the web pages you have visited , sites visited before and after you visit a site on the Turner Network , the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the site ( e.g. , iPhone , Blackberry ) , location information , the content and advertisements you have accessed , seen , forwarded and/or clicked on . You also can engage with our content , such as video , games , applications , and other offerings , on or through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook , and Turner Network or third-party social media plug-ins and applications . When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites , plug-ins or applications , you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , user files like photos and videos , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the likes ' you make , etc. )  to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application . We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on ) from your interaction with our content . Through some social networking sites privacy settings , you can control what data you share . For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information , please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use . We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products , programs , and services , to respond to your inquiries about our offerings , to offer you other products , programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you , to enforce the legal terms that govern your use of our sites , and/or for the purposes for which you provided the information . We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our terms of service , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account with us . We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts or cards or emails you may wish to send them from our sites , and for such other purposes as may be stated at the point where the information is collected . The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience . We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , services or customized experiences . If you choose to submit content for publication ( e.g. , a letter to our editors , comments sent to our television personalities , a posting to a blog or a discussion board , a video ) , we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us . We may on occasion combine information we collect through our sites with information that we collect from other sources . Without limiting the generality of the foregoing , if you register and create a profile with our site , the screen name you select as well as other content you submit to your profile ( e.g. , photos , comments , video , reviews ) will be displayed publicly on the Site and may be reused and redistributed by us in our discretion . We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our sites , to deliver more relevant marketing messages and advertisements and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience . We also may use this information to analyze usage of our sites or content , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services . When you provide information from your social media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our applications or websites , ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news , special offerings , and rewards , and ( 4 ) enable you to share your experience and content via social networking sites . By doing so , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our privacy policy . When you provide personal information to us through an application , on our sites , or on social networking sites , it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we can not prevent further use of the information by third parties . We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena . We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request , or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our terms of use , to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements . In addition , we may transfer personally identifiable information about you if we , or one of our business units , are acquired by , sold to , merged with or otherwise transferred to another entity . Our agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy statement and are not authorized to use the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us . Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy statement . We may disclose personally identifiable information to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you . If a Turner Network site shares personally identifiable information , it will provide you with an opportunity to opt out or block such uses either at the point of submission of your personally identifiable information or prior to any such disclosure . If you have signed up to receive our e-mails and prefer not to receive marketing information from this site , follow the " unsubscribe " instructions provided on any marketing e-mail you receive from this site . To provide visitors with additional or more relevant product and service opportunities , we may share non-personally identifiable information with third parties . To enhance your online experience , we use " cookies " or similar technologies . Cookies are text files placed in your computer 's browser to store your preferences . Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information ; however , once you choose to furnish a site with personally identifiable information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie . We use cookies to understand site and Internet usage and to improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on our sites . For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our sites ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to a site ) , save your password in password-protected areas , and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites . We also may use cookies to help us offer you products , programs , or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising . We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Turner Network and/or other networks or sites . This also helps us , our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising . The Adobe Flash Player is a powerful application and web tool that allows rapid development of highly dynamic content . Sites on the Turner Network employ locally stored objects ( sometimes referred to as Flash cookies ) in certain situations where we use Flash to provide special content such as video streaming , video on demand , video clips or animation . Flash ( and similar applications ) use this technology to remember settings , preferences and usage similar to browser cookies but Flash cookies are not managed through your web browser . You can access your Flash management tools from Adobes website directly . We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies or our partners may also use " web beacons " or clear .gifs , or similar technologies , which are small pieces of code placed on a web page , to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page . For example , web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page . At this time sites on the Turner Network do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms , which may include do not track instructions . However , you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser . You may set your browser to accept all cookies , block certain cookies , require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser , or block all cookies . Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered at Turner Network sites . Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information . Some of our sites contain links to or integrations with other sites such as Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , etc. , whose information practices may be different than ours . Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties . Turner Network sites covered by this privacy statement may offer content ( e.g. , contests , sweepstakes , promotions , games , applications , or social network integrations ) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties . By virtue of these relationships , the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity . We have no control over these third parties ' use of this information . The site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information . We also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection , reporting , ad response measurement , and site analytics , as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements . These third parties may view , edit or set their own cookies . We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties . The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement . Our goal at the Turner Network is to provide you with ads that are relevant to you . Advertising enables us to provide the rich content for which sites on the Turner Network are known . Often our ads are based on the content of pages you are viewing , but we also provide ads tailored to your interests . Our hope is that by presenting ads tailored to your interests , we will enhance your experience across the Turner Network 's diverse websites . For example , if you often visit content on the Turner Network about travel , we may use web beacons to infer your possible interest in travel and may deliver an ad to you related to that interest . It 's important to understand that these technologies use anonymous identifiers within the cookies stored in your browser . We offer you choices with regard to interest-based ads . To learn more about interest-based ads and the choices available to you , please visit our AdChoices page . Turner is a participant in the online industrys self regulatory program administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( the DAA ) and has agreed to adhere to the DAAs principles applicable to interest-based ads . Please visit the Self Regulatory Program site for more information about the DAA , the self regulatory principles and choices you can make regarding interest-based ads . You may find more information about entities involved in online advertising and additional choices you may make through the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) at the NAI site . Turner operates globally so it is necessary to transfer your information internationally . In particular , your information will likely be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate . The data protection and other laws of other countries , such as the United States , may not be as comprehensive as those in your country . Please be assured that we take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected . By using this site you consent to your information being collected , used and transferred as set forth in this privacy statement . We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , to maintain data security , and to use correctly the information we collect online . Access to personally identifiable information that is collected from our sites and that we maintain may be available to you . For example , if you created a password-protected account within our site , you can access that account to review the information you provided . You may also send an e-mail or letter to the following e-mail or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information . For verification purposes please include your first name , last name , e-mail address and the password you use for such service . E-mail Administration Turner Broadcasting System , Inc . Attention : Privacy One CNN Center , 13 North Atlanta , GA 30303 email : privacy.cnn @ turner.com If you have any questions or concerns about the online privacy statement for this site or its implementation you may contact us at privacy.cnn @ turner.com . From time to time , we may update this privacy statement . We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on our site . We encourage you to periodically check back and review this statement so that you always will know what information we collect , how we use it , and with whom we share it . The Privacy Statement posted on this site was updated in October , 2013 . 
reddit privacy policy effective dec 18 , 2013 your privacy is genuinely important to us . here 's how we manage and use your data . 1 We take protecting your privacy seriously , and we want you to understand exactly how and why we use your information . This document is our Privacy Policy , which describes what information we collect and what it 's used for . It applies to all interactions with reddit.com , including content posted through iReddit , and interactions with our site through the button and widget . However , other services we own such as redditgifts and loosely affiliated but independent services ( for instance , radio reddit ) have their own terms , and you should review them on each service 's respective website . 2 Please read this Privacy Policy carefully . Your use of and/or registration with reddit will constitute your agreement to our policy . If you can not agree to the terms and conditions set forth below , please do not use our services . Additionally , our Privacy Policy is part of our User Agreement , and by using the site you agree to both . 3 reddit is an open platform that allows you to communicate about anything you want on any topic you want . We collect some information in order for you to have an account you can use to participate on the site , and other information that is necessary to make the service work . Our goal in developing our privacy practices is to allow your participation to remain as anonymous as you choose and we do n't sell or profit from the information you share with us . 4 We do take efforts to make sure the platform keeps working . This includes using your information , where necessary , to stop spam and gaming and other activities that violate the user agreement . We also share your information when we are legally required to do so . Please read this privacy policy carefully . It describes what information we collect , how it is used , and when it is shared so you can make smart decisions about how you use reddit ! We think it strikes a good balance and respects you our users who make this whole thing possible . Let us know what you think . registration information 5 When you create an account , you are required to provide a username and password , and may opt to provide an email address . We also log , and retain indefinitely , the IP address from which the account is initially created . post , comment and messaging data 6 The posts and comments you make on reddit are not private , even if made to a subreddit not readily accessible to the public . This means that , by default , they are not deleted from our servers ever and will still be accessible after your account is deleted . However , we only save the most recent version of comments and posts , so your previous edits , once overwritten , are no longer available . 7 Your messages are generally only viewable by the parties involved , but they may be accessed internally as needed for community support . Moreover , we keep a complete log of all messages sent on our service , even when both parties later delete their accounts . 8 reddit stores the IP addresses associated with specific posts , comments , and private messages for 90 days after they are made or sent . reddit gold 9 If you choose to upgrade to reddit gold , this status will be stored on your profile , along with the transaction number associated with the payment . However , reddit does not handle or have access to any of your payment information . For questions about how this information is stored and used , please read our third party partners ' privacy policies . log data 10 Log data is certain information that is automatically collected by our systems when you visit reddit , including the type of software used to access the site ( browser , operating system ) , the address of the external or internal page that referred you , and your IP address . This information is recorded even if you are logged out of your account . It will be deleted from our servers after 90 days . other information related to your account 11 As you interact with reddit as an accountholder , we save certain information about these interactions and your preferences : subscriptions , preferred language , all languages you see content in , accumulated karma , voting data , and date of last login . You may also opt to add " flair " to decorate your profile , and this will be stored as well . our use of your information is limited to improving your experience 12 It takes a lot of work to keep our site running and prevent abuse , and we sometimes use your data in order to facilitate this . Your information is used internally only where necessary to provide our services . For instance , we keep IP addresses for 90 days in order to investigate issues with our site , track and block suspected spammers , and otherwise maintain the integrity of the community . your private information is never for sale 13 This means that we will only share your personal data with your consent , and after letting you know what information will be shared and with whom , unless it is otherwise permitted in this policy . While advertisers may target their ads to the topic of a given subreddit , we do not sell or otherwise give access to any information collected about our users to any third party . 14 Anonymous , aggregated information that can not be linked back to an individual user may be made available to third parties . reddit will not disclose your information unless required by law 15 We may disclose or preserve for future disclosure your information if we believe , after due consideration , that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with a law , regulation , or valid legal process . If we are going to release your information , we will do our best to provide you with notice in advance via reddit 's private messaging system unless we are prohibited by court order from doing so ( e.g. , an order under 18 U.S.C. 2705 ( b ) ) . your information may be disclosed by us in an emergency or to keep our services running 16 Other extraordinary circumstances may require disclosure : we may also disclose your information when we believe it 's necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person ; to address fraud , security , or spam ; or to protect our rights or property . 17 Cookies are small data files placed on your computer by websites you visit in order to help them remember certain information about you . At reddit , we set only a few cookies for tracking user preferences , authentication , and collecting anonymous analytics data . Additionally , our advertising partners set cookies . Each of these uses is described in greater detail below . california 's ' do not track ' law 18 reddit 's website does not currently respond to a Do Not Track ( " DNT " ) or similar signal as it awaits the results of efforts by the policy and legal community to determine the meaning of DNT and the proper way to respond . reddit does not allow other parties to collect personally identifiable information from users on reddit . preference cookies 19 If you are logged out , reddit will place a simple cookie to remember if you indicate you would like to view over 18 content , or if you set a language preference . Additionally , if you vote an advertisement up or down , our third-party advertising partner , Adzerk , will set a cookie to remember your ad preferences . 20 reddit.tv will place a simple cookie to remember your channel choices , which includes the subreddits you choose as channels and how they are arranged , and your playback preferences including vote sort , autoplay , shuffle , NSFW/SFW , and whether annotations will be visible . authentication cookies 21 When you log into your account , reddit will place a cookie for the sole purpose of creating this session . It contains your user id and hashed authentication information . analytics cookies 22 We use a tool called Google Analytics to help us understand how users interact with our website . It tells us aggregate usage and traffic information , such as how the site was accessed , how long visitors stayed , and the number of first-time visitors to the site . By knowing how people use the site , we can make it better . To learn more about Google Analytics and how it uses your data , please visit http : //www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html . advertising cookies 23 We partner with Adzerk to show our users third party ads . 24 Some cookies may be placed during the provision of this service pursuant to Adzerk 's privacy policy . disabling cookies 25 Most browsers include an option to clear existing cookies or reject new ones . However , if you do this , portions of the reddit website may not function as intended . 26 You may choose to delete your reddit account at any time . The usernames associated with deleted accounts remain unavailable for others to use , and your public profile is no longer visible to users of the site . However , the posts and content you made during your tenure as a reddit user will not be automatically deleted as part of the account removal process , though your username will be publicly disassociated with all posts . 27 Certain third party sites may offer users the option to log in using their reddit id ( for example , redditgifts ) . This option is only an authentication tool and does not transmit any new personal information to reddit , or give reddit access to details of subsequent actions taken on these sites . 28 reddit will make every effort to secure any private information submitted to us by our users . However , no data transmission over the internet is completely secure , so we can not guarantee the absolute security of this data . You use the service at your own risk , and are responsible for taking reasonable measures to secure your account ( such as carefully maintaining the secrecy of your password ) . 29 reddit is a San Francisco , California-based company whose servers are housed in the United States . All personal information we collect from our international users is transferred to the United States and processed according to US law . 30 reddit complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland . reddit has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view reddit 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ . 31 In compliance with the Safe Harbor Principles , reddit commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information . European Union and Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact us . 32 reddit has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus . If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint , or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed reddit , please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint . 33 Although we welcome users from all walks of life , our site is not aimed at children , and the United States government has put limits on our ability to accept users under a certain age through the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 . Individuals under the age of 13 may not create an account with us . If you believe someone 12 or younger is using our site without parental consent , please contact us . 34 We reserve the right to change this policy to meet the changing needs of reddit , or for any other reason . If we make changes , we will notify our users . Where the changes substantially alters your rights , notice will appear prominently on your front page . More minor changes may only be highlighted by the privacy policy link in the footer of our website . 35 reddit welcomes questions , concerns , and feedback about this policy . Please feel free to contact us . 
The BBC is committed to protecting your and your family 's personal information when you are using BBC services . We want our services to be safe and enjoyable environments for our audience . This Privacy Policy relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us via phone or text , by email , in letters or correspondence . It also relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us online , on mobile or on the Red Button service . In order to provide you with the full range of BBC services , we sometimes need to collect information about you . This Privacy Policy explains the following :  what information the BBC may collect about you ; how the BBC will use information we collect about you ; when the BBC may use your details to contact you ; whether the BBC will disclose your details to anyone else ; your choices regarding the personal information you provide to us ; the use of cookies on BBC websites and how you can reject these cookies . The BBC is committed to safeguarding your personal information . Whenever you provide such information , we are legally obliged to use your information in line with all laws concerning the protection of personal information , including the Data Protection Act 1998 ( these laws are referred to collectively in this Privacy Policy as the " data protection laws " ) . BBC websites contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties . These third party websites have their own privacy policies , and are also likely to use cookies , and we therefore urge you to review them . They will govern the use of personal information you submit , which may also be collected by cookies whilst visiting these websites . We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk . The BBC is the largest broadcasting organisation in the world . We are a public service broadcaster , established by a Royal Charter and primarily funded by the licence fee that is paid by UK households . The BBC includes the BBC World Service , which broadcasts to the world on radio , on TV and online , providing news and information in 32 languages . It is funded by a government grant , not from the licence fee . The BBC also has a commercial arm , BBC Worldwide Limited and its group companies ( BBC Worldwide ) . BBC Worldwide is a wholly owned subsidiary and returns its profits to the BBC for investment in new programming and services . Amongst other activities , BBC Worldwide operates the international , advertising-funded version of the BBC website , bbc.com , for users from outside of the UK . BBC Worldwide 's activities are only covered by this Privacy Policy in relation to its use of any personal information collected on bbc.com . To find out more about BBC Worldwide , its commercial operations and how it will use personal information collected when you use its other international and UK services , please see its corporate website and the BBC Worldwide Privacy Policy . When we refer to ' we " or ' our " or ' the BBC " we are referring to the BBC , the BBC World Service and BBC Worldwide ( but only in relation to BBC Worldwide 's use of information collected via bbc.com ) . When you participate in , access or sign up to any of the BBC 's services , activities or online content , such as newsletters , competitions , live chats , message boards , telephone or text the BBC , vote , donate money to a BBC charity appeal , book tickets for a BBC event or create an account using the BBC 's online registration system we may receive personal information about you . This can consist of information such as your name , email address , postal address , telephone or mobile number or date of birth , depending on the activity . By submitting your details , you enable the BBC ( and where applicable its contractors ) to provide you with the services , activities or online content you select . Please note that sometimes we will require you to provide additional personal information , and sometimes sensitive personal information ( e.g. if you 're sending in an application to be a contributor on a political party we may need to know your political leanings ) . When we do this we will provide further information as to why we are collecting your information and how we will use it . The BBC also uses cookies ( see section 13 below for details ) and collects IP addresses ( an IP address is a number that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet ) from visitors to BBC websites . The BBC will use your personal information for a number of purposes including the following : to provide our services , activities or online content and to deal with your requests and enquiries ; for " service administration purposes " , which means that the BBC may contact you for reasons related to the service , activity or online content you have signed up for , as set out in section 5 below ( e.g. to provide you with password reminders or to notify you that a particular service , activity or online content has been suspended for maintenance ) ; to contact you about a submission you have made , including any content you provide . For additional information , please see the UGC FAQS ( User Generated Content Frequently Asked Questions ) ; to provide you with information about our services , activities or online content ; to personalise the way BBC content is presented to you ( e.g. if the first thing you look at every day on the BBC website is the weather for Luton , we may present this information or a link to it on your homepage ) ; to use IP addresses to identify the location of users , to block disruptive use , to establish the number of visits from different countries and to determine whether you are accessing the services from the UK or not . If not , you will be re-directed to the international version of the BBC website ( bbc.com ) , ( see section 12 for details ) ; to analyse and improve the services offered on BBC websites ; to provide you with the most user-friendly navigation experience . The BBC may also use and disclose information in aggregate ( so that no individuals are identified ) for marketing and strategic development purposes ; and when you access the BBC website from outside the UK , you will see the international version ( bbc.com ) which features advertising . A certain amount of this advertising is tailored to the individual user . BBC Worldwide uses cookies to work out what advertising might be most relevant to you based on the pages you look at on the international version of the BBC website and other BBC Worldwide sites , and your IP address information . This is a practice widely used by other major web publishers and is known as onsite behavioural targeting . The tracking system is anonymised and therefore it does not know who you are : it simply uses the limited information available to it to serve ads to you , if you are accessing the BBC website from outside the UK , which it believes are relevant . Find out more about BBC Worldwide 's use of its behavioural targeting system in the international users section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website . It is important to remember that you will only see this advertising , and receive Behavioural Targeted Marketing cookies , if you are visiting bbc.com from outside the UK . Where the BBC proposes using your personal information for any other uses we will ensure that we notify you first . You will also be given the opportunity to withhold or withdraw your consent for the use of your personal information for purposes other than those listed above . The BBC may contact you : in relation to any service , activity or online content you have signed up for in order to ensure that the BBC can deliver the services to you ; in relation to any correspondence we receive from you or any comment or complaint you make about BBC products or services ; in relation to any contribution you have submitted to the BBC , e.g. on the BBC message boards or via text or voicemail message ; to invite you to participate in surveys about the BBC services ( participation is always voluntary ) ; and for marketing purposes , where you have agreed to this ( see section 6 below )  Local pages will give you detailed information about how the BBC will contact you in relation to specific services , activities or online content . The BBC will only use your information for marketing purposes , or to promote new services , activities or online content where you have agreed to this . We will keep your information confidential except where disclosure is required or permitted by law ( for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies ) or as described in section 8 below . Generally , we will only use your information within the BBC . However , sometimes the BBC uses third parties to process your information on our behalf . The BBC requires these third parties to comply strictly with its instructions and the BBC requires that they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes , unless you have explicitly consented to the use of your personal information in this way . If you post or send offensive , inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on or to BBC websites or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on any BBC service , the BBC may use your personal information to stop such behaviour . Where the BBC reasonably believes that you are or may be in breach of any applicable laws ( e.g. because content you have posted may be defamatory ) , the BBC may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties such as your employer , school email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour . If you are aged 16 or under , please get your parent/guardian 's permission before you provide any personal information to the BBC . Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information . We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity , or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with the BBC or the BBC 's corporate retention schedule ( a database that defines which documents should be kept and for how long ) . If you cancel your registration as a BBC website member and your account is deleted a red flag goes on the database and , while the BBC can not use the personal information , it stays on the system for a period of one year for administration purposes before being deleted automatically . Where you contribute material to the BBC we will generally only keep your content for as long as is reasonably required for the purpose ( s ) for which it was submitted . For example , we will only keep copies of entries to a photographic competition for the duration of the competition . However other projects ( e.g. the People 's War website ) are likely to have a longer , or even permanent , duration . The BBC , as a publicly funded organisation , also has an obligation to record snapshots of history which may include some User Generated Content i.e. content provided by the public . Therefore , some content submitted to , or shared with , the BBC may be retained for prolonged periods of time or potentially indefinitely in the BBC 's Archive , which is true of News contributions which are published . There may also be rare instances where we will share your contribution with third parties in the interests of maintaining historical archives ( e.g. contributions about people 's experiences in the Second World War were given to the Imperial War Museum ) . Where possible , we will endeavour to inform you upfront or let you know at a later date where we are likely to keep content indefinitely or pass it onto an approved historical archive . Under the Data Protection Act you have the right to request a copy of the personal information the BBC holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected . ( We charge 10 for information requests and require you to prove your identity with 2 pieces of approved identification ) . We will use reasonable efforts to supply , correct or delete personal information about you on our files . Please address requests and questions about this or any other question about this Privacy Policy to the Data Protection Officer , Room2252 , White City Building , 201 Wood Lane , London W12 7TS ( Email : dpa.officer @ bbc.co.uk )  The BBC website is published in the UK by the BBC as bbc.co.uk . The international version of the website , bbc.com , is made available to international users accessing the website from outside the UK by the BBC 's commercial subsidiary , BBC Worldwide Ltd , on a commercial basis ( i.e. some of the pages you access from outside the UK will have advertising on them ) under licence from the BBC . Please note that some pages of the BBC website are made available to users outside the UK on a non-commercial basis ( for example , the front page for the BBC World Service 's foreign language sites , e.g. http : //www.bbc.co.uk/mundo/index.shtml ) . All personal information submitted by users outside the UK to bbc.com and to the World Service 's foreign language sites will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy ( and any local terms that apply to certain areas of the site ) . Where there is a conflict , the local terms will apply . a . What is a cookie ? A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer , tablet or mobile phone ( referred to here as a " device " ) browser from a website 's computer and is stored on your device 's hard drive . Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser 's preferences allow it , but ( to protect your privacy ) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you , not the cookies sent to you by other websites . Many websites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows . On BBC websites , cookies record information about your online preferences and allow us to tailor our websites to your interests . During the course of any visit to a BBC website , the pages you see , along with a cookie , are downloaded to your device . Many websites do this , because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the device ( and probably its user ) has visited the website before . This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see , and finding , the cookie left there on the last visit . b . How does the BBC use cookies ? Information supplied by cookies can help us to analyse the profile of our visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience . For example , if on a previous visit you went to our education pages , we might find this out from your cookie and highlight educational information on your second and subsequent visits . The BBC uses this type of information to help improve the services it provides to its users . All third parties are strictly required not to use any information for their own business or other purposes ( see section 6 above ) . Certain areas of BBC websites may use cookies for a specific reason - for example , to help an online game work effectively on your device . Additionally , BBC Worldwide uses cookies to serve some targeted advertising on bbc.com to non-UK users . Further information , including how to opt-out of receiving these cookies , can be found in the international users section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website . c . Third Party Cookies in embedded content on BBC pages Please note that during your visits to BBC websites you may notice some cookies that are not related to the BBC or the BBC 's contractors . When you visit a page with content embedded from , for example , YouTube or Flickr , you may be presented with cookies from these websites . The BBC does not control the dissemination of these cookies . You should check the third party websites for more information about these . Find out more about third party cookies in embedded content . d . BBC cookies and how to reject cookies ? Full information about how the BBC uses cookies can be found in the cookies section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website . If you wish to control what cookies are set on your device through the BBC website then you can find out how to do this in the Managing Cookies section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website . It is important to note that if you change your settings and block certain cookies , this means that certain personalised features can not then be provided and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the websites ' features . This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to the BBC . The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page . If you do not agree to these changes , please do not continue to use BBC websites to submit personal information to the BBC . If material changes are made to the Privacy Policy we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the website . Some areas , such as TV Licensing and BBC charity appeals have their own privacy and cookies policies which you should also read before submitting your personal information . Go to the TV Licensing Privacy Policy to see how the BBC uses your personal information for TV Licensing purposes . In relation to BBC Worldwide , this Privacy Policy only applies to its use of data collected via the international version of the BBC website , bbc.com , which is accessed by users from outside the UK . For details of how BBC Worldwide uses personal information collected via its other international and UK services please see BBC Worldwide 's Privacy Policy If you any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy please contact : The Data Protection Officer Room 2252 White City Building 201 Wood Lane London W12 7TS ( Email : dpa.officer @ bbc.co.uk ) If you are viewing the international version of this website , bbc.com , and you have any questions or comments about the Privacy Policy , please contact BBC Worldwide via email : dataprotection @ bbc.com Last updated : May 2012 
Privacy Policy EFFECTIVE AS OF December 6 , 2013 The Weather Channel , LLC ( " The Weather Channel " ) is strongly committed to protecting your privacy . This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect , use and share information we gather about you on the Services and the choices you have regarding our use of and your ability to correct the information . " Services " include The Weather Channel 's weather.com website ( the " Site " ) , and other Internet enabled or wireless means by which The Weather Channel provides content to you or receives content from you , including , without limitation , software applications ( including The Weather Channel Desktop ) , mobile web sites , mobile applications , content and blog submission services , chat rooms , message boards , SMS messaging , and delivery of The Weather Channel content to you at your request . " Services " also includes alert products . " Services " do not include , however websites of The Weather Channel and its affiliates that primarily serve international markets ( e.g. weather.co.uk ) , or any other products or services of The Weather Channel . We hope that this disclosure will enhance your experience and reinforce the trust that you place in The Weather Channel 's products and services . The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Site and mobile applications , and does not cover information that may be collected through other software downloaded from the Site . The Weather Channel has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software , other than mobile applications . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please contact us . If you are not satisfied with our response or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed within five business days you can contact TRUSTe here . When you visit a Web site or mobile application displaying the TRUSTe trustmark , you can expect to be notified of what personally identifiable information of yours is collected ; what organization is collecting the information ; how the information is used ; with whom the information may be shared ; what choices are available to you regarding collection , use and distribution of the information ; what kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under the company 's control ; and how you can make changes to the information . If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you may contact us directly at http : //feedback.weather.com . If you would like to modify your contact information or personal preferences and you have registered with us and obtained a password , you may access your weather.com profile from the " Weather Tools " section by selecting " My Profile " or accessing https : //profile.weather.com or you may contact us directly at http : //feedback.weather.com . TRUSTe In order to maximize your experience and to provide you with enhanced products and services , The Weather Channel may collect personally identifiable information ( " PII " ) from you , including your name , e-mail address , billing address , phone number , and credit card information . For example , we collect PII when you make a purchase from us or sign up for one of our premium or enhanced services . Some other examples of instances when we collect PII include when you subscribe to NOTIFY ! by The Weather Channel ( weather information delivered to you via phone , e-mail or text ) , The Weather Channel Alerts , ( weather information delivered to you via e-mail or text ) , The Weather Channel API ( weather information for use on certain platforms ) , and The Weather Channel Desktop Max ( a software application which you can download to your desktop to receive weather information ) . Other examples of when we collect PII are when you : Complete a survey Register for a promotion , contest or sweepstakes Make a purchase from our online store Send us an e-mail message or complete an inquiry form to receive additional information Submit a photo or video Participate in an online forum or community , or Customize the Services . We also may collect certain information through automated means , such as : Specific geographic location where you are currently located Information about your device and device capabilities Information about your device operating system Information about the applications on your device Information about how you use the Services Your activities on the Services IP address Device identifier Carrier Browser type Browser identifier Referring URL Chat Sessions , Blogs , and Submissions . In the case of participation in a chat session , we require you to select a user name . Please be aware that chat sessions are monitored and transcripts are posted on the Site for access by other users . Any information , including PII , that you submit during a chat session , in blog comments , in community discussions , in any other user comment field , or in connection with your content submissions , including photo and video submissions , can be read , collected , or used by others who access them , and could be used by other users to send you unsolicited messages . We are not responsible for the information , including PII , you choose to submit in these forums . Content Submissions . If you upload , rate or share videos or photos , you have to be registered and logged into this feature , and you will be required to provide us with a user name and email address or you can log in through your social media provider . If you provide us with content , including , without limitation , submissions and user comments , any metadata , including , without limitation , geo-location and tags , in that content may become publicly available . Location Information . In certain instances in our Services , you will be able to input specific location information in order for us to bring up the weather for that location . For that Service , we will ask you to input specific location such as address , city and state or zip code . To offer you certain Services , provide advertisements based on your physical geographic location , and engage in the other uses described below , on some devices we provide you the option to opt-in to allow us to use your physical geographic location using GPS , cellular network location based services on your device , or browser services . You may at any time opt-out from these geo-location services by going to the settings on your device . If you have The Weather Channel mobile application installed on your Microsoft Windows 7 device , you may also opt-out from geo-location by going to the " Settings " menu in the application and toggling location services off . Toggling location services off will also disable certain services in the application , including severe alerts . Alerts and notifications . In certain of our Services , you have the ability to receive push notifications for weather related updates . To provide these services , we may need to collect your email address , phone number , device information , and mobile carrier information , in addition to the zip code or geographic area to which the alert , update or notification pertains . If you no longer wish to receive these types of notifications you may opt-out by turning them off within the settings of your mobile device or the particular Service for which you registered . SessionM . When you log in to Session M 's mPOINTS in our mobile applications that contain mPOINTS , Session M will provide us with your email address . One of the most valuable assets of our business is you . Except as described below The Weather Channel does not rent , sell or share PII about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies . A . The Weather Channel and its Affiliates We use information collected on the Services , and disclose information to third parties , including your physical geographic location , to help fulfill your requests or in connection with the operation of the Services , for example to service your account , conduct a transaction or provide a service that you have requested , display information and advertisements that we believe match your interests and profile , facilitate updates to the Services , provide support , notify you if you 've won a contest or sweepstakes , improve the working of the Services , and compile statistics about our users and your use of the Services . We and such third parties may on occasion combine information about you with information obtained from other parties to market to you products or services that may be of interest to you . At various points , we may provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receive special offers from The Weather Channel and its affiliates . If you choose to opt in , The Weather Channel and its affiliates will use your PII to inform you of other products or services available from The Weather Channel and its affiliates , including WSI Corporation , The Weather Underground LLC , and Weather Central , LP . These products may include , for example , schedules for special programs on The Weather Channel cable network or offers to purchase a calendar from The Weather Channel . B . Companies Offering Promotions , Products , or Services At times we will provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receive promotions , products or services from third party sponsors . With your permission , The Weather Channel will periodically send to you , via e-mail , offers and promotions from our third party sponsors which we select based upon your interests or user profile . In this case we do not share your information with the third party sponsors-we do the mailing for them . You will always have the opportunity , to opt-out of receiving future offers by following the unsubscribe link included with each email . In other instances , we provide you with the opportunity to receive products and services directly from specifically identified third parties through the Services . In these instances , you must explicitly consent to receive each offer . When you explicitly agree to receive offers from specific third parties , your information is shared with the specific third party to enable them to provide you with the offer you have requested . We are not responsible for the information collection practices of these third parties , and all information provided is governed by the privacy policies of these third parties . You should review the privacy policies of these parties before supplying PII to them . C . Third-Party Processors When your information is collected on the Services , it may be collected directly by or shared with selected third parties in connection with the operation of the Services or the provision of services to you ( " Third Party Processors " ) . These Third Party Processors may include , for example , companies that operate our online store , that process credit card information or handle shipping for The Weather Channel , that deliver materials to you via e-mail or postal service , that organize , administer , process , or provide advertising services , and/or that analyze data on our behalf to help us provide more relevant offers to you and to eliminate the delivery of duplicate offers as well as correcting and/or updating users ' data based on information we provide them . We also provide your information to third party mapping service providers to provide you map content for the Services . Third party processors are authorized to use your information that we provide to them only to carry out the service they are providing for The Weather Channel . We require that the third party processors securely store the PII we provide to them and maintain it so that it can be accessed when needed for future purposes , and all such Third Party Processors are contractually bound by us to keep the personally identifiable information confidential . D . Other Web Sites , Other Services , and Links Like many Web sites on the Internet and other Internet-based services , many of our Services link to pages located on Web sites or services maintained by various other entities . In some cases you may link to pages of other Web sites that are framed with elements of our Services such as in the header or footer . In that case the URL will identify the site you are visiting . In other cases , such as advertisements , you will be connecting to another site or service when you click on or otherwise activate those opportunities , including click-to-call , click-to-text , and click-to-email opportunities . These other sites and services are not bound by our privacy policy , and we are not responsible for their information collection practices . The privacy policies of other organizations may differ from ours , for example , with respect to the level of security , use of cookies , and collection , use and disclosure of PII . Some of our Services allow users to interface with other sites or services , including Facebook , Twitter , and SessionM 's mPOINTS . You will remain logged in to those other sites and services until you log off those sites and services . By proceeding with these interfaces , you are allowing our Services to access your information on those other sites and services , and you are agreeing to those other sites ' and services ' Terms of Use . Once you log into those other sites and services , the content you post on those other sites and services may also post to our Services . Your use of those other sites and services is subject to the privacy policies of those sites and services , and not this Privacy Policy . Some of our Services use third party operating systems , platforms , communication services , devices , and software elements ( such as mobile device operating systems , wireless services , mobile phone and tablet devices ) , and some of our Services are provided by third party distributors , device makers , device operators , platform operators , and communication services . The Weather Channel does not control these third party entities , products and services , and they may collect , use , process , transmit and disclose your information . For example , these third party elements may gather information from our Services , including our applications , in a manner that overrides your settings and preferences in our Services . As The Weather Channel does not control or have knowledge of their data handling practices , we recommend that you review their privacy notices , terms of use and license agreements . E. Use by Us of IP Addresses , Cookies , Web Beacons , Single-pixel Gifs , and Information Saved by Other Technologies The Weather Channel and Third Party Processors acting on our behalf use various Internet technologies which help us to manage the operations of our Services and track usage behavior so that we can tailor information and advertisements to make your visits more enjoyable and meaningful . These Internet technologies include : IP Addresses : numbers assigned to individual computers which accompany every packet of information across the Internet . Cookies : small electronic files transferred from our services to your electronic device . Beacons and single-pixel Gifs : electronic tags . HTML5 LocalStorage : storage within your browser on your electronic device . Information that The Weather Channel collects via the technologies described in this section may be linked to other information about you . The Weather Channel uses the technologies described in this section , alone or in combination , to provide and administer our services , understand user behavior , manage services operations , measure the effectiveness of advertisements and our service operations , target advertising , help diagnose problems , recognize repeat visitors , track and analyze usage behavior , facilitate your access to and use of our services , serve , target , control , and measure advertisements on our Services , count users who have visited certain areas of our Services we wish to track , and help determine the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on our services . In addition , we may share demographic information , location data , IP address , aggregate ( not individual ) usage statistics for our Services , other identifiers and information with advertisers and other third parties . For example , we may share IP address , random or anonymous device identifier , city and state , ZIP code , and specific geo-location with the parties identified in subparagraph F below . Your browser may allow you to manage your cookies and HTLM5 LocalStorage . Each browser is a little different , so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies and HTML5 LocalStorage , or visit the " Managing cookies and HTML5 LocalStorage on your browser " article in the Support area of the weather.com site . If you turn Cookies or HTML5 Local Storage off , however , you wo n't have access to many of the features which make your experience more efficient and some of our Services will not function properly . The Weather Channel contracts with certain Third Party Processors to track , analyze and report data about the usage of our Services using these Internet technologies . These Third Party Processors include Adobe and its Omniture product . To obtain information about the privacy and security practices of Adobe 's Omniture Product , use the following link : Adobe : http : //www.weather.com/common/home/modules/privacyOptoutp1.html This opt-out is device specific and may not work on all devices . F. Use of Cookies , Web Beacons , and Other Technologies by Advertisers , Ad Networks , Ad Servers , and Analytics Companies The Weather Channel works with a variety of advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies . These advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies use various technologies , and technologies from third party companies , to collect data in order to send ( or serve ) relevant ads to users . These technologies may include the placement of cookies or web beacons , the use of HTML5 LocalStorage , the use of unique or non-unique non-personal identifiers , or the use of other technologies on our Services , and these technologies may be used to track user behavior , to track how our Services are being used , and possibly to serve you more relevant ads . These targeted advertisements may appear on our Services or other services that you visit . This Privacy policy does not cover the use of various technologies by advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies . These companies may also obtain information from services you use from other companies , including without limitation , other websites , mobile website , mobile downloadable applications , and downloadable applications , and combine that information with information they obtain through these third party technologies on our Services . You should be aware that The Weather Channel does not have control over these third party technologies or the information contained in them . For more information about how DoubleClick , and some of the other ad networks , ad servers , analytics companies , and third party companies use the information collected by the technologies on our services and about your option not to accept cookies placed by some of these companies on our Services , please visit the following sites : DoubleClick : http : //www.google.com/doubleclick Nielsen : http : //www.nielsen-netratings.com/privacy/sitecensus.htm comScore and its affiliate , Scorecard Research : http : //www.scorecardresearch.com/Priv.html http : //networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and http : //www.aboutads.info/choices These opt-outs are device specific and may not work on all devices . You should be aware that if you choose to opt out through any of these sites , this does not opt you out of being served advertising . The ads will just not be targeted to you by any party from which you have opted out . You can also opt out of future information collection from our Services by ceasing use of the Service or in the case of an application , uninstalling the application . G. Purchase or Sale of Businesses The Weather Channel continually looks for ways to improve our business , including purchasing or selling all or part of a business or company . If we buy or sell a business , personally identifiable information and non-personal information will likely be transferred as part of the sale . If we buy a business , we will honor the requests of that business ' former customers regarding their personally identifiable information . If in connection with a sale there will be material changes to the way personally identifiable information is being used , affected consumers who have provided us with an email address will be notified via e-mail and will be given the opportunity to opt-out . H . Other Limitations on Privacy We may provide personally identifiable information without your permission ( i ) pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas , warrants , or orders or otherwise to comply with law ; ( ii ) where The Weather Channel believes the rights , property or an individual 's safety or security is at risk ; ( iii ) if we find that your actions violate our Legal Restrictions and Terms of Use ; or ( iv ) where otherwise required by law . If you choose to use a feature that allows you to e-mail parts of the Services to a friend , in most circumstances we need to have access to your and your friend 's e-mail addresses temporarily to send the e-mail due to technical requirements . This information is not used for any other purpose . Some mobile products allow you to view weather conditions for people in your phone 's contact list . If you agree to use this feature , your contact list will be accessed in order for us to provide weather information for your contacts who already have their address , city , state , or zip code available . We do not store this information or use it for any other purpose . If you receive an offer or promotion from The Weather Channel or a third party related to The Weather Channel you must have opted in . To ensure we have your consent , we make sure that each e-mail sent to you by The Weather Channel presents the additional opportunity to opt-out of receiving future e-mails . If you have registered with us and have obtained a password , you may reset your password , update your PII , correct information , make changes to your preferences , unsubscribe to any e-mail subscriptions or opt-out of certain services , by accessing your weather.com profile online at " MY PROFILE " or you may contact us directly at http : //feedback.weather.com . If you wish to cancel your account or request that we delete or no longer use your account information to provide you Services , contact us at deleteaccount @ talk2.weather.com . Subject to applicable law , we will retain and use your account information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . If you receive an offer or promotion from The Weather Channel or a third party related to The Weather Channel you must have opted in . To ensure we have your consent , we make sure that each e-mail sent to you by The Weather Channel presents the additional opportunity to opt-out of receiving future e-mails . If you have registered with us and have obtained a password , you may reset your password , update your PII , correct information , make changes to your preferences , unsubscribe to any e-mail subscriptions or opt-out of certain services , by accessing your weather.com profile online at " MY PROFILE " or you may contact us directly at http : //feedback.weather.com . The Weather Channel is committed to protecting the safety and privacy of young people using the Internet . We do not knowingly collect PII from children under the age of 13 and believe that children should get their parents ' or guardians ' consent before giving out any PII . The Services may contain links to third party Web sites and other services geared to children . The linked sites and services are not under the control of The Weather Channel . We are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or service or any link contained in a linked site or service , nor are we responsible for the privacy practices of the operators of those sites or services with respect to children . We strongly encourage parents and guardians to review the privacy policies of all linked sites and services . The Weather Channel , and all associated Services and systems , including registration , is housed on servers operated in the United States . If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect ( including cookies ) will be processed and stored in the United States , a jurisdiction in which the data protection and privacy laws may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country where you reside or are a citizen . By using our Services and providing information to use , you consent to the transfer to and processing of the information in the United States . Keeping the information you provide to The Weather Channel secure is important to us . We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic and managerial procedures designed to protect and safeguard your data . Of course , although The Weather Channel uses standard industry practices to protect your PII , we can not guarantee that your communications with the Services will never be unlawfully intercepted , or that your PII will never be unlawfully accessed by third parties . The Weather Channel reserves the right to alter our Privacy Policy as business needs require . If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone . All changes to this policy will be posted on this site prior to the time they take effect . If we make material changes to the way we use PII , affected consumers who have provided us with an e-mail address will be notified via e-mail and will be given the opportunity to opt-out . 
Last Updated on October 14 , 2013 This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for The New York Times newspaper and NYTimes.com ( including international.nytimes.com , the online edition of The International New York Times ) The New York Times Home Delivery Web site , The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund , Times Skimmer , Times Reader , The New York Times Store and The New York Times Learning Network , Web sites and other applications ( collectively referred to as the NYT Services ) , and to any services that display this notice . For the purposes of this Privacy Policy , unless otherwise noted , all references to " The New York Times " include NYTimes.com and The New York Times newspaper . The New York Times Replica Edition , which is maintained by NewspaperDirect , maintains its own Privacy Policy . The New York Times advertising portal , for advertisers of The Times , also maintains a separate Privacy Policy . The NYT Services may contain links to other Web sites for your convenience and information . We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites . This Privacy Policy , covers the following :  What information do we gather about you ? What do we do with the information we gather about you ? With whom do we share the information that we gather ? What is our e-mail policy ? How do I change or update my personal information ? How do I opt-out from receiving promotional offers ? Is my information protected ? Compliance with legal process Children 's Guidelines Your California Privacy Rights Changes to this Privacy Policy TRUSTe : The New York Times has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and our practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . TRUSTe : Click to Verify If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact Customer Service by sending an e-mail to feedback @ nytimes.com . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through the NYTimes.com Web site and those applications that have a shortened TRUSTe privacy statement . The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from this site . TRUSTe has not certified the disclosures in this Privacy Policy that relate to the Times Reader software . The information The New York Times gathers falls into two categories : 1 ) Personal information , which includes personal information you supply when you subscribe , order , complete a survey , register for one of our sites , enter a contest or provide your e-mail address and 2 ) Non-personal information collected through technology , which includes tracking information collected as you use the NYT Services . Personal Information That You Give Us Registration Information Registration for the NYT Services may require that you supply certain personal information , including a unique e-mail address and demographic information ( ZIP code , age , sex , household income , job industry and job title ) to register . You may choose to log in , create an account or enhance your profile at NYTimes.com through the Facebook Connect feature on NYTimes.com . By doing this , you are asking Facebook to send us certain information from your Facebook profile , and you authorize us to collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to us through the Facebook interface . After you have connected , Facebook also sends us additional information from your profile that allows us to display a Facebook module on the pages you view . To disassociate your NYTimes.com registration from third party accounts , please see our Social Media FAQ . Billing and Credit Card Information To enable payment and donations on the NYT services , we collect and store name , address , telephone number , e-mail address , credit card information and other billing information . This information will only be shared with third parties who perform tasks required to complete the purchase transaction . Examples of this include fulfilling orders and processing credit card payments . User Generated Content and Public Activities ( Including Comments , Reader Reviews and TimesPeople )  We offer you opportunities to engage in public activities on NYTimes.com and other NYT Services . " Public activities " are any actions you take on NYTimes.com that are designed to be visible to other users , including comments , recommendations , reader reviews , ratings or any other items that you submit . Any information you disclose in your public activities , along with your screen name or ID , or any image or photo , becomes public and may be used by The New York Times for online and offline promotional or commercial uses in any and all media . If you choose to engage in public activities , you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these areas , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages . We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums and The New York Times has no responsibility to publish , take down , remove or edit any of your public activities or any of your submissions that are a result of your public activities . For more information , see the Comments FAQ and read the Forums , Discussions and User Generated Content section of the Terms of Service . When you share or recommend ( with or without adding your own comments ) any NYTimes.com articles or content to your Facebook profile , that action is governed by the Facebook Privacy Policy . We do not track or store a record of those comments or actions . If you have registered for a NYTimes.com account , we will track and aggregate your public activities on NYTimes.com . By choosing to participate in public activities , you are electing to share and display such public activities via NYTimes.com . Also , public activities may be included in RSS feeds , APIs and made available to other Web sites via other formats . As a result , your public activities may appear on other Web sites , blogs , or feeds . Keep in mind that we are not responsible for any personal information you choose to make public via your public activities , and you agree that such sharing will be deemed to have been done by you , not The New York Times . Please see our Comments FAQ for additional information . Contests , Sweepstakes and Special Offers The New York Times collects personal information from you in connection with optional sweepstakes , contests or special offers . If this information is also being collected by a third party other than The New York Times , we will notify you at the same time . If you do not want any personal information shared , you may always decline to participate in the sweepstakes , contest or special offer . Reader Surveys , Reader Panels and Market Research The New York Times may collect personal information from you in connection with voluntary surveys . Data may be collected through the NYT Services , on the phone or through the mail . The information you provide in response to optional survey questions may be shared , but only in the aggregate , with advertisers and partners unless we notify you otherwise at the time of collection . Members of our Reader Panels agree to participate in surveys , polls or discussions about their readership of The New York Times , their household/personal characteristics and their purchase behavior . If you choose to be a panel member , we require that you supply us with your e-mail address and name . Home address and telephone number are optional . Our panels are currently administered by Vision Critical and Beta Research . Special Events and Promotions We often receive information regarding readers who may attend Times Talks , Arts & Leisure Weekend and other New York Times conferences , events and promotions from sign-in and registration lists . Unless we indicate otherwise at the time we collect the information , we will use such information in accordance with our Privacy Policy . Non-Personal Information Collected Using Technology Information Collected by Us Using Technology We use various Internet technologies to manage the NYT Services and track use of the Services . Non-personal information that we collect using these technologies may be combined with other information about you . Device Information . We may collect non-personal information about the computer , mobile device or other device you use to access the NYT Services , such as IP address , geolocation information , unique device identifiers , browser type , browser language and other transactional information . Cookies , Beacons , Local Storage and Other Similar Technologies . In providing the NYT Services , we use " cookies , " Web beacons , HTML5 local storage and other similar technologies to manage access to and use of the Services , recognize you and provide personalization , as well as to help us understand where our visitors are going and how much time they spend there . You will not be able to access certain areas of our Web sites , including NYTimes.com , if your computer does not accept cookies from us . For more detailed information about our use of cookies and local storage , and how to manage them , see Frequently Asked Questions About Cookies and Similar Technologies in our Help section . The New York Times Home Delivery Web site also transmits non-personally identifiable Web site usage information about visitors to the servers of a reputable third party for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on other sites . To do this , we use Web Beacons in conjunction with cookies provided by our third-party ad server on this site . For more information about our third-party ad server , or to learn your choices about not having this non-personal information used to target ads to you , please click here . Analytics Technologies . We have hired third parties to provide us information , reports and analysis about the usage , browsing patterns of users of the NYT Services . WebTrends tracks and analyzes non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers on NYTimes.com . All data collected by WebTrends on our behalf is owned and used by us . For more information about how WebTrends collects data , please read their privacy policy at https : //ondemand.webtrends.com/privacypolicy.asp# PSFV Audience Science tracks and analyzes anonymous usage and browsing patterns of our Web site users . All data collected by Audience Science on our behalf is owned and used by The New York Times alone . For more information about Audience Science 's privacy policy , including how to opt out , go to http : //www.audiencescience.com/privacy.asp . We use Localytics and Flurry to track and report on the usage and browsing patterns on some of our mobile applications . For more information about Flurry and its privacy policy , please go to http : //www.flurry.com/about-us/legal/privacy.html . For more information about Localytics and its privacy policy , please go to http : //www.localytics.com/privacy-policy . Flurry and Localytics may independently record the type of device and operating system you are using , general location information , as well as events that occur within our apps , such as how often you use our apps . We do not receive that information . IP Addresses . The New York Times logs Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses , or the location of your computer on the Internet , for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes . We use this information in an aggregate fashion to track access to our Web sites and mobile applications . Log Files and Your Reading History . We automatically log certain usage information about your use of NYT Service . This information includes a reading history of the pages you view . We use this information in order to provide you with customized Recommendations on NYTimes.com based on your reading history . For more information on the Recommendations feature , please read the Recommendations FAQ . We also use log files in the aggregate to analyze usage of our Web sites and mobile applications . If you download and use the Times Reader software application , the log files will automatically be collected by the application and sent to our servers when your computer syncs up for the latest news . Location Information . Some of our mobile applications can deliver content based on your current location if you choose to enable that feature of the app . If you enable the location-based feature , your current location will be stored locally on your device , which will then be used by the app . If you elect to have a location-based search saved to your history , we will store that information on our servers . If you do not enable the location-based service , or if an app does not have that feature , the app will not transmit to us , and we will not collect or store , location information . Ads may be displayed within our apps . The ads you see are not targeted to you based on your current GPS location , but they may be targeted to you based on your device 's IP address or ZIP code . Information Collected by Third Parties Using Technology Some of the services and advertisements included in the NYT Services , including on NYTimes.com and within our mobile apps , are delivered or served by third-party companies that may place or recognize cookies , Web beacons or other technology to track certain non-personal information about our Web site users . For example , in the course of serving certain advertisements , some advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser in order to collect certain information about your use of the NYT Services . In many cases , this information could be used to show you ads based on your interests on other Web sites . We do not have access to , nor control over , advertisers ' or service providers ' use of cookies or other tracking technologies or how they may be used . Please click here to see a list of third parties that may be using cookies to serve advertising on our Web sites . For example , Google is one of the companies that serve advertisements onto NYTimes.com . It uses the DART cookie to serve ads based on your visit to NYTimes.com and other sites on the Internet . You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy . You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our Web site :  1 ) If you would like more information about advertisers ' use of cookies , and about your option not to accept these cookies , please click here . 2 ) If you would like to opt-out of having interest-based information collected during your visits to this or other sites , click here . Your access to our Web sites should not be affected if you do not accept cookies served by third parties . Providing the Services You Request We use the information we gather about you to enable your use of the NYT Services , fulfill your requests for certain products and services , such as sending out electronic newsletters and enabling you to participate in and renew paid services , polls , contests , and message boards . Statistical Analysis We perform statistical , demographic and marketing analyses of users of the NYT Services , and their subscribing and purchasing patterns , for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our subscriber base . We use this information for analysis purposes , including analysis to improve customer relationships . Customizing Your Experience We use the information that we collect to allow advertising to be targeted to the users for whom such advertising is most pertinent . We also use this information to customize certain features of the NYT Services to provide you with an enhanced experienced based on the type of device you are using to access the NYT Services , and in certain cases , provide you with requested services . Relevant Advertising We may use demographic and preference information to allow advertising on the NYT Service to be targeted to the users for whom they are most pertinent . This means users see advertising that is most likely to interest them , and advertisers send their messages to people who are most likely to be receptive , improving both the viewer 's experience and the effectiveness of the ads . We disclose information to third parties only in aggregate or de-identified form . E-Mail Newsletters The New York Times will periodically send you e-mail newsletters or promotional e-mail about services offered by The New York Times and its advertisers . For details about New York Times e-mail , please see the section labeled " What Is Our E-Mail Policy ? "  The New York Times If you have registered to use the NYT Services , we will not sell , rent , swap or authorize any third party to use your e-mail address or any information that personally identifies you without your permission . We also share information about our audience in aggregate or de-identified form . Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to restrict The New York Times 's use of aggregated or de-identified information in any way . In the future , we may sell , buy , merge or partner with other companies or businesses . In such transactions , we may include your information among the transferred assets . Third Parties If you are a print subscriber to The New York Times newspaper and subscribed either by mail , phone or online , we may exchange or rent your name and mailing address and certain other information , such as when you first subscribed to The New York Times ( but not your e-mail address ) with other reputable companies that offer marketing information or products through direct mail . If you prefer that we do not share this information , you may opt-out by e-mailing us at opt-out @ nytimes.com , or write to us at Customer Care , P.O . Box 8041 Davenport IA 52808-8041 . If you are a current print subscriber , please remember to include your account number and phone number in the body of your e-mail or letter , and if you choose to opt-out via e-mail , please include " Opt-out " in the subject line . Service Providers We contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf , including credit-card and billing processing , shipping , e-mail distribution , list processing and analytics or promotions management . We provide these companies only with the information they need to perform their services . These service providers are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for The New York Times , and they may not share , resell or use the data for their own direct marketing purposes . We reserve the right to disclose your opt-out information to third parties so they can suppress your name from future solicitations , in accordance with applicable laws . We may occasionally release personal information as required by law , for example , to comply with a court order or subpoena . ( For more information , see the " Compliance with legal process " section of this policy. )  The New York Times complies fully with the federal CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 . We will not share , sell , rent , swap or authorize any third party to use your e-mail address for commercial purposes without your permission . If you feel you have received an e-mail from us in error , please contact feedback @ nytimes.com . Account and Service-Related E-Mail . The New York Times reserves the right to send you e-mail relating to your account status . This includes order confirmations , renewal/expiration notices , notices of credit-card problems , other transactional e-mails and notifications about major changes to the NYT Services and/or to our Privacy Policy . If you have registered for online discussions or other services , you may receive e-mail specific to your participation in those activities . E-Mail Newsletters . The New York Times offers several e-mail newsletters . If you no longer wish to receive a specific newsletter , follow the " unsubscribe " instructions located near the bottom of each newsletter . To manage your NYTimes.com e-mail preferences , please click here . Promotional E-Mail . The New York Times may periodically e-mail you messages about products and services that we think may be of interest to you . You can choose not to receive messages in the future by either ( 1 ) following the " unsubscribe " instructions located near the bottom of each e-mail , or ( 2 ) you can opt-out . From time to time , The New York Times may obtain e-mail addresses from third party sources to be used for promotional e-mails . You can choose not to receive messages in the future by either ( 1 ) following the " unsubscribe " instructions located near the bottom of each e-mail , or ( 2 ) you can opt-out . Survey E-Mail . We may send you an e-mail inviting you to participate in user surveys , asking for feedback on NYTimes.com and existing or prospective products and services , as well as information to better understand our users . User surveys greatly help us to improve the NYT Services , and any information we obtain in such surveys will not be shared with third parties , except in aggregate form . HTML E-Mail . When you sign up to receive e-mail from us , you can select either plain text or HTML ( with images ) format . If you select the HTML format , we may place a one-pixel gif to determine whether or not readers viewed the e-mail . This process does not leave any information on your computer , nor does it collect information from your computer . The New York Times may share this data with others in aggregate only . E-Mails From You . If you send us e-mails , you should be aware that information disclosed in e-mails may not be secure or encrypted and thus may be available to others . We suggest that you exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal or confidential information in e-mails . We will use your e-mail address to respond directly to your questions or comments . E-Mail This Article Feature . NYTimes.com readers may use this feature to e-mail links to articles ( or other content such as slideshows ) . The e-mail addresses that you supply to this service are saved for your convenience for future articles you may wish to e-mail ; these addresses are not used for any other purpose , and will not be shared with any third parties . The New York Times Home Delivery Web Account . You may update and/or edit your Home Delivery account information online at the Home Delivery Web site by clicking on the link for Update Account . Should you require assistance , please call our toll free number , 1-800-NYTIMES . Manage Your NYTimes.com Account in the My Account Area . You may review and update your NYTimes.com membership or account information and access your transaction history in the My Account area . There are a number of things you can do in the My Account area to ensure your personal information is accurate and up to date . For one , you can update the information you provided during the free registration process . The E-mail Preferences tab is the place to go to sign up for our e-mail newsletters and manage your delivery options . To gain access to the areas of the My Account area containing personal information , you will be asked to re-enter your password . If you do not remember your password , you can reset your password here . If you need further assistance , please contact Customer Service . Manage Your New York Times Online Store Account . Manage and update your account by logging in at www.nytstore.com . Simply click on the " My Account " section at the top of the navigational bar and proceed to " Edit Profile " . You may securely update your shipping information , e-mail address and password registered to the account . Should you require assistance , please call us at 800-671-4332 . Manage Your New York Times Events Account . Events include TimesTalks , Great Read in the Park , Arts and Leisure Weekend , Sunday with The Magazine , The New York Times Travel Show . To subscribe or unsubscribe from The New York Times Events e-mail newsletter , please visit www.nytimes.com/events . Enter your e-mail address in the field provided , select " unsubscribe " and click " submit. "  E-Mail Promotions If , at any time , you prefer not to receive e-mail marketing information from us , simply follow the unsubscribe options at the bottom of each e-mail , or : 1 . Click here to remove your e-mail address from any future promotional e-mail campaigns originated by The New York Times Home Delivery Department and its third party affiliates . 2 . Click here to manage your e-mail subscriptions from NYTimes.com . These include Today 's Headlines , Ticketwatch , DealBook , Sophisticated Shopper , Movies Update , etc . 3 . Click here to log in to your New York Times Online Store account and then click the Unsubscribe From Newsletter button . 4 . Click here to manage your subscription to The New York Times Events Newsletter ( TimesTalks , Great Read in the Park , Arts and Leisure Weekend , Sunday with The Magazine , The New York Times Travel Show ) . If you experience difficulty with the unsubscribe process , feel free to contact us at feedback @ nytimes.com and provide your e-mail address along with the name of the newsletter from which you would like to unsubscribe . Mail or Telephone Promotions If , at any time , you prefer not to receive mail or telephone solicitations originated by The New York Times Home Delivery Department , or if you prefer that we do not share this information with third parties for marketing purposes , please e-mail us at opt-out @ nytimes.com or write to us at Customer Care , P.O . Box 8041 , Davenport , IA 52808-8041 . If you are a current newspaper subscriber , please remember to include your account number and phone number in the body of your e-mail or letter , and if you choose to opt-out via e-mail , please put " Opt-out " in the subject line . To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information , we have put in place commercially reasonable physical , technical and administrative controls to protect the information . Please note that no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure . OTHER INFORMATION We may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to ( 1 ) comply with the law or with legal process ; ( 2 ) protect and defend our rights and property ; ( 3 ) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the NYT Services ; or ( 4 ) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public ( among other things , this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else , information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions ) . COPPA Compliance . Except for The Learning Network ( see below ) , The New York Times does not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13 . The Learning Network . The Learning Network is a free service for parents , teachers and students , and does not require registration . The Student Connections section is specifically directed at students , grades 6 to 12 . Within this section , the Ask a Reporter page and the Student Letters page allow students to either send a question to a Times reporter or submit a letter to the editor , providing their first name , grade , state/country and , optionally , their e-mail address . The information requested on these pages is used solely for participation in these activities , and is not shared or sold to third parties . If an e-mail address is provided , it will only be used for a one-time response back to the child . After responding to the child , the e-mail address is deleted . Access to the above services is not conditioned on more information than is reasonably necessary to provide the services . Because we 're concerned about a parent 's right to consent to the collection and use of their child 's personal information , when a question or letter is published , only the student 's first name , grade and state/country appear on the site . To request removal of this information ( non-personally identifiable ) or to review or remove the optional e-mail address ( personal information collected ) , please use this form to contact the Learning Network . These children 's guidelines have been developed with the recognition that Internet technology evolves rapidly and that underlying business models are still not established . Accordingly , guidelines are subject to change . In the unlikely event of such changes they will be posted on this page . If the changes represent a material departure from our current practice with respect to the use of children 's personal information , the changes will be posted on this page thirty days prior to taking effect and will not affect children 's personal information previously collected . For any questions concerning The Learning Network , please contact Katherine Schulten , NYTimes.com , 620 Eighth Avenue , 9th floor , New York , NY 10018 . Telephone : ( 212 ) 556-8391 . Under the California Shine The Light law , California residents may opt-out of the NYT 's disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . As detailed above , you may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by submitting a request in writing to Customer Care , P.O . Box 8041 , Davenport , IA 52808-8041 or by e-mailing us at opt-out @ nytimes.com . It is important to note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosures made for non-marketing purposes . This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time . Any such changes will be posted on this page . If we make a significant or material change in the way we use your personal information , the change will be posted on this page thirty ( 30 ) days prior to taking effect and registered users will be notified via e-mail . 
Privacy Policy Last modified : December 20 , 2013 ( view archived versions ) There are many different ways you can use our services - to search for and share information , to communicate with other people or to create new content . When you share information with us , for example by creating a Google Account , we can make those services even better - to show you more relevant search results and ads , to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier . As you use our services , we want you to be clear how we 're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy . Our Privacy Policy explains :  What information we collect and why we collect it . How we use that information . The choices we offer , including how to access and update information . We 've tried to keep it as simple as possible , but if you 're not familiar with terms like cookies , IP addresses , pixel tags and browsers , then read about these key terms first . Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user , please do take the time to get to know our practices - and if you have any questions consult this page . Information we collect We collect information to provide better services to all of our users - from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak , to more complex things like which ads you 'll find most useful or the people who matter most to you online . We collect information in two ways :  Information you give us . For example , many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account . When you do , we 'll ask for personal information , like your name , email address , telephone number or credit card . If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer , we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile , which may include your name and photo . Information we get from your use of our services . We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them , like when you visit a website that uses our advertising services or you view and interact with our ads and content . This information includes :  Device information We may collect device-specific information ( such as your hardware model , operating system version , unique device identifiers , and mobile network information including phone number ) . Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account . Log information When you use our services or view content provided by Google , we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs . This may include :  details of how you used our service , such as your search queries . telephony log information like your phone number , calling-party number , forwarding numbers , time and date of calls , duration of calls , SMS routing information and types of calls . Internet protocol address . device event information such as crashes , system activity , hardware settings , browser type , browser language , the date and time of your request and referral URL. cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account . Location information When you use a location-enabled Google service , we may collect and process information about your actual location , like GPS signals sent by a mobile device . We may also use various technologies to determine location , such as sensor data from your device that may , for example , provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers . Unique application numbers Certain services include a unique application number . This number and information about your installation ( for example , the operating system type and application version number ) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers , such as for automatic updates . Local storage We may collect and store information ( including personal information ) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage ( including HTML 5 ) and application data caches . Cookies and anonymous identifiers We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service , and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device . We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners , such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites . How we use information we collect We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide , maintain , protect and improve them , to develop new ones , and to protect Google and our users . We also use this information to offer you tailored content - like giving you more relevant search results and ads . We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account . In addition , we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services . If other users already have your email , or other information that identifies you , we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information , such as your name and photo . When you contact Google , we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing . We may use your email address to inform you about our services , such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements . We use information collected from cookies and other technologies , like pixel tags , to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services . For example , by saving your language preferences , we 'll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer . When showing you tailored ads , we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories , such as those based on race , religion , sexual orientation or health . We may combine personal information from one service with information , including personal information , from other Google services - for example to make it easier to share things with people you know . We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent . We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy . Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world . We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live . Transparency and choice People have different privacy concerns . Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect , so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used . For example , you can :  Review and control certain types of information tied to your Google Account by using Google Dashboard . View and edit your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and across the web , such as which categories might interest you , using Ads Settings . You can also opt out of certain Google advertising services here . Use our editor to see and adjust how your Google Profile appears to particular individuals . Control who you share information with . Take information out of many of our services . You may also set your browser to block all cookies , including cookies associated with our services , or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us . However , it 's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled . For example , we may not remember your language preferences . Information you share Many of our services let you share information with others . Remember that when you share information publicly , it may be indexable by search engines , including Google . Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content . Accessing and updating your personal information Whenever you use our services , we aim to provide you with access to your personal information . If that information is wrong , we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it - unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes . When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request . We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup systems ) . Where we can provide information access and correction , we will do so for free , except where it would require a disproportionate effort . We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction . Because of this , after you delete information from our services , we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems . Information we share We do not share personal information with companies , organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies :  With your consent We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so . We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator ( for example , for Google Apps users ) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information ( including your email and other data ) . Your domain administrator may be able to :  view statistics regarding your account , like statistics regarding applications you install . change your account password . suspend or terminate your account access . access or retain information stored as part of your account . receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request . restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings . Please refer to your domain administrator 's privacy policy for more information . For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us , based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures . For legal reasons We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to :  meet any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request . enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations . detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues . protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Google , our users or the public as required or permitted by law . We may share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners - like publishers , advertisers or connected sites . For example , we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services . If Google is involved in a merger , acquisition or asset sale , we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy . Information security We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of information we hold . In particular :  We encrypt many of our services using SSL . We offer you two step verification when you access your Google Account , and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome . We review our information collection , storage and processing practices , including physical security measures , to guard against unauthorized access to systems . We restrict access to personal information to Google employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us , and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations . Application Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates , including services offered on other sites ( such as our advertising services ) , but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy . Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals , including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results , sites that may include Google services , or other sites linked from our services . Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services , and who may use cookies , pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads . Enforcement We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy . We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks . When we receive formal written complaints , we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up . We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we can not resolve with our users directly . Changes Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time . We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent . We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and , if the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice ( including , for certain services , email notification of privacy policy changes ) . We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review . Specific product practices The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use :  Chrome and Chrome OS Books Wallet Fiber 
Privacy policy Share 62 inShare 0 Email theguardian.com , Saturday 23 July 2011 18.00 BST This is the main privacy policy for theguardian.com and for certain services provided through these and other Guardian websites and applications ( " our sites " ) by Guardian News & Media Limited , and Guardian News & Media LLC ( " GNM " ) . If you use GuardianWitness , please read the GuardianWitness privacy policy . At GNM we collect different types of information about our users for four main reasons : 1 . To provide personalised services unique to individual users . 2 . To help us to monitor and improve the services we offer 3 . To sell advertising space on the site . This helps us to keep the site free for people who visit it . 4 . If we have permission from the user , to market services to them . There may be other privacy policies that apply to certain services we provide . Please read these when you register or subscribe for these services on these sites . Please follow the links below for further information . Our principles How we use your information Using information about children Updating your personal information Who we share information with Use of cookies About our advertising Legal information and how to contact us Changes to the privacy policy 1 We do our very best to protect your privacy by using security technology appropriately . This means : - we make sure that we have appropriate security measures to protect your information ; and - we make sure that when we ask another organization to provide a service for us , they have appropriate security measures . 2 We will respect your privacy . You should receive marketing emails only from us and , if you agree , from other organisations we have carefully chosen . We will make sure it is clear when you can make these choices , for example , we have boxes you need to tick if you want to receive marketing . However , we may email you occasionally with information or questions about your registration , your subscription account or postings , for example , with reminders , warnings or copyright requests . 3 . We will collect and use individual user details only if we have your permission or we have sensible business reasons for doing so , such as collecting enough information to manage subscriptions . 4 We will be clear in our dealings with you as to what information about you we will collect and how we will use it . 5 We will use personal information only for the purposes for which it was originally collected and we will make sure we delete it securely . 6 Our site is accessible via the internet . This means that people around the world who access our website can see anything you post on the website , for example , comments about an article . 7 If we or our service providers transfer any information out of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) , it will only be done with the relevant protection ( stated under UK law ) being in place . What information do we collect ? We collect information on you : when you register when you use the website through cookies if you choose to reveal information in postings , and when you enter sales promotions and competitions . Certain services that we provide may involve us collecting extra information , such as where you are , so the service can be provided as designed . In particular , this may apply to certain apps that you download , or which we provide . Registration The minimum information we need to register you is your email address and a password . We will ask you more questions for different services , including sales promotions . Unless we say otherwise , you have to answer all the registration questions . We may also ask some other , voluntary questions during registration for certain services ( for example , professional networks ) so we can gain a clearer understanding of who you are . This also allows us to personalize services for you . After you have registered , we may send you emails we think may interest you . At any time you can decide not to receive these emails and will be able to ' unsubscribe ' . Logging in using social networking credentials If you log-in to our sites using a Facebook log-in , you are granting permission to Facebook to share your user details with us . This will include your name , email address , date of birth and location which will then be used to form a Guardian identity . You can also use your picture from Facebook as part of your profile . This will also allow us and Facebook to share your,networks , user ID and any other information you choose to share according to your Facebook account settings . If you remove the Guardian app from your Facebook settings , we will no longer have access to this information . If you log-in to our sites using a Google log-in , you grant permission to Google to share your user details with us . This will include your name , email address , date of birth , sex and location which we will then use to form a Guardian identity . You may use your picture from Google as part of your profile . This also allows us to share your networks , user ID and any other information you choose to share according to your Google account settings . If you remove the Guardian from your Google settings , we will no longer have access to this information . If you log-in to our sites using a twitter log-in , we receive your avatar ( the small picture that appears next to your tweets ) and twitter username . Use of children 's data Except for children 's books , we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16 . ' Children 's books ' is a service for children . However , they need parental permission to join . We do not display personal information about children on the site , and we read through all contributions before they are published . For any questions about children 's books , please contact : Children 's books , Guardian News and Media , 90 York Way , London , N1 9GU or email childrens.books @ theguardian.com . We offer a ' My details ' page ( also known as Dashboard ) , where you can update your personal information at any time , and change your marketing preferences . You can get to this page from most pages on the site simply click on the ' My details ' link at the top of the screen when you are signed in . Who we share data with We will not share your personal information with others for marketing purposes unless you have given us your permission . If we have your permission , we will share your information only with other organisations we have chosen carefully . We may make other organisations ' services available , such as Guardian Garden Centre or Guardian Bookshop , through our sites , although we are not necessarily operating these sites . We process any information which we collect when you access a service provided by another organisation under this privacy policy . Information these other organisations collect is governed by their own privacy policies . We can access and release personal information to keep to relevant laws and government requests , to operate our systems properly and to protect both us and our users . Any other organisations who access your information in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by strict contractual restrictions to make sure that they protect your information and keep to data-protection and privacy laws which apply . We may also independently audit these service providers to make sure that they meet our standards . We may use service providers to help us run these sites ( or services available on the sites ) , some of whom may be based outside the EEA . Some of our webpages use plug-ins from other organisations ( such as the ' Facebook Recommend ' function ) . These other organisations may use information about your visit to our websites on their pages . If you browse these pages while still also logged in to your account with us , information they collect may be connected to your account on their site . For more information on how these organisations use information , please read their privacy policies . We use cookies for a number of reasons . 1 For statistical purposes to track how many users we have and how often they visit our websites . We collect information listing which of our pages are most frequently visited , and by which types of users and from which countries . 2 We use other organisations to collect anonymous user information , sometimes through cookies and web beacons , ( information embedded in images which allow them to analyse how the website is being used and the number of visitors ) . Click here to learn more about how we use these services to collect and use information on guardian.co.uk , guardiannews.com and m.guardian.co.uk . 3 We and other advertisers may use statistical cookies to track who has seen an advert and clicked on it . You can find more information on this in the online behavioural advertising section of this privacy policy . 4 Placing cookies on your computer means we can show you adverts that you might be interested in , and allows us to control the number of times you see them and measure how effective the ad campaign has been . Advertising helps us to keep the site free for you to use . You can find more information on this in the Online Behavioural Advertising section of this privacy policy , including how you can ' opt out ' . 5 We may use ' Flash ' cookies to store your preferences for your media player ( for example , volume and so on ) . If we do n't use them , you may not be able to watch some video content . You can turn cookies off but if you do this , you may not be able to use all services on our websites and you might see more pop-ups and other advertising . This is because we wo n't be able to limit what you see by using cookies . However , you will still be able to see our editorial content . 6 We or other companies may use cookies to suggest and deliver content which we believe may interest you . For more information about cookies and managing them , including how to turn them off , please visit our page on Cookies . By using the sites you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described . In late 2005 we launched a new advertising service called online behavioural advertising ( OBA ) . OBA allows us to deliver targeted advertising to people who visit our website . It works by showing you adverts that are based on your browsing patterns and the way you have interacted with our site . It then shows you adverts which we believe may interest you . As you browse our sites , some of the cookies we place on your computer will be advertising cookies , so we can understand what sort of pages you are interested in We can then display advertising on your browser that is based on these perceived interests . For instance if you have been reading a lot of food and drink articles , you may be shown more adverts for food and drink . It is important to remember that none of the OBA techniques we use will collect information such as your name , email address , postal address or phone number . We may also share anonymised behavioural data with advertising partners . This may mean that when you are on other websites , you will be shown advertising based on your behaviour on theguardian.com . We may also show you advertising on our site based on your behaviour on other sites . Behavioural retargeting is another form of OBA that allows us and some of our advertising partners to show you ads based on your browsing patterns and interactions with a site away from our sites . For example , if you have visited the website of an online clothes shop , you may start seeing ads from that same shopping site displaying special offers or showing you the products that you were browsing . This allows companies to advertise to you if you leave their website without making a purchase . The privacy policy of criteo , one of the partners that we work with for behavioural retargeting is shown here . criteo.com/en/privacy-policy . If you want to opt out of receiving online behavioural advertising , this does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising when you are using our sites . It just means that the advertising you see will not be customised for you . If you would like more information about OBA and how to opt out of it , please visit youronlinechoices.com or networkadvertising.org ( if accessing from the US. )  Please visit audiencescience.com/privacy.asp , quantcast.com/privacy and flurry.com/privacy-policy.html for the privacy policy of our online behavioural targeting technology providers . Advertising on mobile devices may require the collection and sharing of the unique device ID with companies who purchase advertising space on the mobile application . Other Advertising Our sites contain links to other websites from which we may earn revenue . Our articles are never influenced by advertisers or affiliates , nor are they written for the purpose of promoting a product , except when clearly branded as a ' sponsored feature ' , ' advertisement feature ' or ' sponsor 's content ' . Legal information and how to contact us Under the UK Data Protection Act 1998 we have to say who the ' data controller ' is for theguardian.com and services provided through our websites . The data controller is the organisation responsible for protecting information and , in our case , is Guardian News & Media Limited , King 's Place , 90 York Way , London N1 9GU . If you would like a copy of the personal information we hold about you , or have any questions about how we may use it , please contact the Data Protection Manager at the address shown above . Or , email dataprotection @ theguardian.com . If you have a dispute with us Our American office , Guardian News and Media LLC takes part in the EU Safe Harbor Privacy Framework as set out by the United States Department of Commerce . As part of our involvement in the safe harbor , we have agreed to using TRUSTe dispute resolution for disputes relating to whether we have kept to our Safe Harbor Privacy Framework . If you have any complaints about whether we have kept to it , you should first contact us ( using the contact details provided above ) . For information about the Safe Harbor Framework click here If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe , by fax to 415-520-3420 , or by mail to Watchdog Complaints , TRUSTe , 55 2nd Street , 2nd Floor , San Francisco , CA , USA 94105 . If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : the name of company , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information , and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company . For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe 's dispute resolution process , click here or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above . The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English . Should we elect to change our privacy policy we will post the changes here . Where the changes are significant , we may also choose to email all our registered users with the new details . Where required by law , will we obtain your consent to make these changes . Changes to this policy by date November 2004 : cookie information moved to separate page ; Data Protection Commissioner changed to Information Commissioner ; legal information under the Data Protection Act added . May 2008 : principles updated to provide more detail on protections and limits on data usage and confirmation about the use of data processors ; contact details updated . August 2009 : contact details updated , useful links updated , some headings added and a new section headed " advertising and affiliate links " added . July 2011 : Principles updated to include further information on marketing preferences , contact details , further information provided about online behavioural advertising , cookies , and the ' Who we share data with ' section has been updated . September 2011 : Websites covered expanded to include guardiannews.com , information on use of children 's data added . October 2011 : Information on plugins and dispute resolution for Guardian News & Media LLC added . February 2012 : Additional provision included in ' How we use your information ' to address certain data that we may collect , especially in the context of certain Apps and geographical location data . April 2012 : Information on logging onto our sites using social networking log-ins as a means of authentication . February 2013 : Applicability of policy to other websites and applications added . May 2013 : Information on mobile device advertising added . July 2013 : References to guardian.co.uk and guardiannews.com replaced with references to theguardian.com . August 2013 : Policy reviewed by the Plain English Campaign and awarded Crystal Mark . 
Revised and posted as of : July 17 , 2013 Forbes.com is committed to safeguarding your privacy online . Please read the following statement to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of the Forbes.com website and services . The Forbes.com website is owned and operated by Forbes.com LLC . Forbes has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us by email at privacy @ forbes.com . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . Forbes complies with the U.S. - E.U . Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland . Forbes has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Forbes ' certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ . The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this website , and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the site . Our primary goal in collecting user information is to enhance your experience on our website and the web . We use aggregated ( gathered up data across all user accounts ) information to develop content targeted to users ' interests and to better the website user experience . Forbes.com is committed to your privacy and other than as provided herein or after receiving your specific consent , Forbes.com will not share any personal information with any third party at any time , unless required by law . This privacy policy covers the website and activities of Forbes.com . Other Forbes Digital sites linked to from this website have their own privacy statements which can be viewed on those sites . Please be aware that Forbes.com sponsors , advertisers and partners or affiliates with co-branded modules or sections on Forbes.com may collect personally identifiable information about you while on our website . The information practices of those parties are not covered by this privacy statement . We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information . This privacy statement applies only to information collected by us . Forbes.com users should also be aware that , when you voluntarily disclose personal information in chat areas or bulletin boards , that information may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others . We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums . To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum , contact us at privacy @ forbes.com . In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why . Voluntary Submission Forbes.com does not collect personally identifying information about any individual Forbes.com website user except when knowingly provided by such individual . For example , we may ask you for information , such as your e-mail address when you register to become a member of Forbes.com . You may also provide information to Forbes.com in other contexts , including , for example , on your member profile page and public profile URL or to enter into a sweepstakes or promotion . In the event you order something from Forbes.com or one of our co-branded websites , we may request additional personal information , such as your address , telephone number and credit card information , in order to complete the purchase . We also supplement the data you provide to us with data from data append services . You always have the option not to provide the information we request . If you choose not to provide the information we request , you can still visit most of the Forbes.com website , but you may be unable to access certain options and services . When you register or become a member of Forbes.com or provide information to Forbes.com in any other manner , you agree to provide only true , accurate , current and complete information . Cookies A cookie is a small data file that is written to your computer 's hard drive by your web browser . A cookie file can contain information , such as a user identification code , that a website will use to track the pages and number of times you have visited . Forbes.com uses cookies to track web and advertising analytics throughout Forbes.com and its affiliate websites and to remember your custom video playlists , preferences , job title , story ratings ( if you have provided any ) , and membership status so that you do n't have to login each time you visit the website . The data read from these cookies may be linked to personally identifying ( PII ) and non-personally identifying ( non-PII ) information . We also use browser plug-in cookies on our site , including Flash cookies , also known as " local shared objects , " to perform similar functions as browser cookies . Like normal browser cookies , these cookies are represented as small files stored on your computer . One method of preventing Flash cookies from being placed is to adjust your preferences in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at macromedia.com . Business partners of Forbes.com , vendors providing hosting and other services for Forbes.com , third party analytics providers , as well as advertisers who contract directly with a third-party service to serve their advertisements on our website may set their own unique cookies through your browser . We do not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain . If you would like more information about this practice and about your option not to accept cookies placed by these companies , please click here . Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually change your browser settings to display a warning before accepting a cookie , choose to accept cookies only from certain websites or to refuse all cookies . However , if you choose to disable the receipt of cookies from our website , you may not be able to use certain features of the site . To learn more about the use of cookies in online advertising including how to manage or delete them click here . Web Beacons We use web beacons ( invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear GIFs ) on our sites in order to recognize users , assess traffic patterns , identify preferred content and measure site engagement . We also include web beacons in our e-mail messages , including newsletters , in order to count how many e-mail messages have been opened . Forbes.com also uses a reputable third party to collect information , including through the use of web beacons , browser cookies and other tracking technologies . We may collect via web beacons various data provided by your browser while you are on our site and elsewhere where we may be acting as a 3rd party . This data is collected in the aggregate , but may include or be associated with other non-PII or PII that users have voluntarily submitted . Log Files Forbes.com web and ad servers log information about a site user 's IP address , browser type and the current URL the user is requesting . This information is always provided by each and every user 's browser . These log files are stored in a secure location and used -- in an aggregated , anonymous manner -- in our internal analysis of traffic patterns within our website . This information is automatically logged by most websites . Our primary goal in collecting user information is to enhance your experience on our website . To Target Content and Advertising To develop and provide content and advertising to you that is targeted to your interests , we use the analytics collected by the systems described above to determine which areas of our website you prefer based upon the frequency of your visits and engagement with those areas . We may make reasonable assumptions based on your browser provided data to target relevant content and advertising to you on our site and elsewhere where we may be acting as a 3rd party . We may also make reasonable geographic and demographic assumptions based on your presented IP address to target relevant content and advertising . To Provide Interactive Communications From Forbes.com To enhance your experience we may provide you with interactive communications , such as notifications of activity by topic or contributor to the e-mail address that you provide to us . Such interactive communications are provided only to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to receive them as part of their user profile . From time to time we may provide e-mails highlighting new features , promotions or contests on the website to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to send such communications as part of their user profile . To Provide Communications From Third Parties We respect the privacy of our users and shall not disclose or distribute our user list to any third party , nor shall we permit anyone else to do so . However , we do make available for rental our list of those registrants who have expressly provided us with their permission to receive third party offers as part of their user profile . In those cases , your e-mail address will be transferred to the third party . Control of Your Information Registered users may change the information stored in their member profile such as image , full name , e-mail address , password , location , country and the topics and contributors they are following , and they may elect to stop receiving marketing material from Forbes.com or on behalf of external third party business partners . Users may choose to stop receiving such communications at any time by visiting their member profile page at http : //blogs.forbes.com/account/ , or by following instructions at the end of any such e-mail received . You may also request to delete your personal account if you wish to do so . Please email us at the contact information included below . We will respond to your request within 30 business days . We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services . We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . Sharing of Information When you are on an area of Forbes.com and are asked for personal information , you are sharing that information with Forbes.com as well as business partners and vendors providing hosting and other services for Forbes.com . We use third parties to provide credit card processing , e-mail service providers and hosting services on our site . When you sign up for such services , we will share your personally identifiable information as necessary for the third party to provide that service . These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose . If you do not want your information to be shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer of your information by not using that particular service . In addition , if you provide any personally identifiable information via an advertiser promotion , please be aware you are directly providing your personally identifiable information to that advertiser . From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site . If you participate , we will request certain personally identifiable information from you , such as your name and e-mail . Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information . We use this personally identifiable information to notify contest winners and award prizes . We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests ; that company will be prohibited from using our users ' personally identifiable information for any other purpose . We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice . You can log in to our site using sign-in services that bridge your social media login information with Forbes.com . These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form . These services give you the option to post information about your activities on this website to your profile page to share with others within your network . Our website includes social media features , widgets and/or interactive mini-programs that run on our site . These features are small content modules that users can embed on sites and may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , or set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly . Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website . Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it . We offer widgets that are hosted on Forbes.com , like our embeddable video player . Use of the Forbes.com widgets is subject to the Forbes.com terms of use , but downloading or embedding these widgets on other websites is not covered by this privacy statement . Aggregate , Anonymous Information With Advertisers Forbes.com derives the majority of its revenue from advertising and sharing information is essential to keeping our services affordable to users . In order to attract and retain advertisers we use the aggregated , anonymous information that we gather ( as well as information from third-party market researchers ) to describe our services to partners and to assist our advertisers and sponsors to better understand our audience . We do not disclose personally identifying information about our users to these parties . We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites . Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests . If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads , you may opt-out by clicking here . Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising . You will continue to receive generic ads . As Necessary to Provide Services to You We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf , such as handling the processing and delivery of newsletter mailings , processing transactions , or performing statistical analysis of our services . We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service . In some instances these companies may collect information directly from you . In these cases , you will be notified of the involvement of the external service provider . In all cases , these companies are subject to agreements that require them to maintain the confidentiality of your information and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose . In The Event of Sale or Bankruptcy The ownership of Forbes.com may change at some point in the future . Should that occur , we want this site to be able to maintain a relationship with you . In the event of a sale , merger , public offering , bankruptcy or other change in control of Forbes.com LLC and/or Forbes.com your information may be shared with the person or business that owns or controls this site . Opting out of receiving information from third parties will not affect our right to transfer your information to a new owner , but your choices will continue to be respected regarding the use of your information . You will be notified as described below in " How will I know if the Privacy Policy is changed. "  As Required By Law Forbes.com may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or legal process served on Forbes.com or to protect and defend the rights or property of Forbes.com . Your information is stored on Forbes.com 's servers located in the United States . We use industry standard procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy , including encryption , " firewalls " and the Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) . We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access . We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company . However , " perfect security " does not exist on the Internet . Kids under 13 : Do not send any information about yourself to us -- including information such as your name , address , or e-mail address . We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 . In the event that we learn we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible . If you have any questions regarding our privacy statement , please feel free to contact us by e-mail at privacy @ forbes.com . We read every message submitted and try to reply promptly to every one . Our mailing address is Forbes.com LLC , Customer Service , 60 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 10011 . If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective . We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices . 
Privacy Policy Effective as of July 1 , 2013 Introduction Collection of Information Use and Disclosure Security User Access and Control Other Important Information Contact Us Fox News Network , LLC ( " Fox News " or " we " ) wants you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information from and about you . This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites , mobile sites , applications ( " apps " ) , and widgets ( collectively , the " Fox News Services " ) . By using Fox News Services , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy . As set forth in our Terms of Use , the Fox News Services are for a general audience , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age . This Privacy Policy applies to all users , including both those who use the Fox News Services without being registered with or subscribing to a Fox News Service and those who have registered with or subscribed to a Fox News Service . This Privacy Policy applies to Fox News 's collection and use of your personal information ( i.e. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) . It also describes generally Fox News 's practices for handling non-personal information ( for example , interests , demographics and services usage ) . Fox News and our service providers collect the following information from and about you : Registration Information is the information you submit to register for a Fox News Service , for example , to create an account , post comments , receive a newsletter , or enter a contest or sweepstakes . Registration Information may include , for example , name , email address , gender , zip code and birthday . Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the Fox News Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content , which may include a name , user name , comments , likes , status , profile information and picture . Public Information and Posts are always public , which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines . Information from Social Media . If you access or log-in to a Fox News Service through a social media service or connect a Fox News Service to a social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends lists , and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service . When you access the Fox News Services through social media services or when you connect a Fox News Service to social media services , you are authorizing Fox News to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Activity Information . When you access and interact with the Fox News Services , we may collect certain information about those visits . For example , in order to permit your connection to the Fox News Services , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device , and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information . If you access the Fox News Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device . Cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier . Websites , apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service . These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the Fox News Services , such as pages you have visited , content you have viewed , search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen . If Fox News wishes to combine your personal information with information we obtain through these technologies in order to determine what messages Fox News provides to you , we will obtain your express affirmative consent . Third parties that support the Fox News Services by serving advertisements or providing services , such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate Fox News Services usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information . Fox News does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies . For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see www.aboutads.info/consumers , and to opt-out of such ad networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to www.aboutads.info/choices . Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether . Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information . Users can manage the use of Flash technologies , with the Flash management tools available at Adobe 's website , see http : //www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/faq.html . Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features , content or personalization available through the Fox News Services . Information from Other Sources . We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources , such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from our Fox News Affiliates or business partners . We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the Fox News Services and features to you , including : to measure and improve those Fox News Services and features ; to improve your experience with both online and off-line Fox News Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting , including advertising and marketing messages ; to allow you to comment on content and to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries . When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person , we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties . We use the information we collect from and about you for these additional purposes :  To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox News Services . Fox News may make your information available to certain third party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide the Fox News Services . To allow social sharing functionality . If you log in with or connect a social media service account with Fox News Services , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other Fox News Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service . We may also share the same information with the social media service provider . By logging in with or connecting your Fox News Services account with a social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy . If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your Fox News Services account and do not participate in social sharing on Fox News Services . To deliver relevant advertisements . Fox News and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you to deliver relevant ads to you when you use the Fox News Services or another service . As noted above , third-party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information , inferred interests , aggregated information , and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests . To find out more about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see www.aboutads.info , and to opt-out of such advertising networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to www.aboutads.info/choices . To opt out of this type of advertising from Outbrain Inc , visit Outbrain 's website at http : //www.outbrain.com/privacy . To contact you . Fox News may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the Fox News Services . If you want to stop receiving promotional materials , you can follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email . There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of , such as notifications of changes to the Fox News Services or policies . If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app . To share with our Fox News Affiliates . Fox News may share your information with Fox News Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy . Users who visit Affiliated Companies ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy . To share with business partners . Fox News may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices . To protect the rights of Fox News and others . There may be instances when Fox News may disclose your information , including situations where Fox News has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of Fox News , our Fox News Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of the Fox News Services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process ; or ( v ) respond to requests from public and government authorities . To complete a merger or sale of assets . If Fox News sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , Fox News may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction . Fox News uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification . If you would like to access , review , correct , update , suppress , or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us , you may contact us as outlined in Section 7 . In your request , please include your email address , name , address , and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to access , change , update , or suppress . We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable . We give you many choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information for marketing purposes . You may opt-out from :  Receiving electronic communications from us : If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis , you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in the email . Cancelling your account . To cancel your account , email mailto : deleteaccount @ foxnews.com , subject , " Delete My Account " and include the email address that you registered your account with ( if different from the email address you 're sending the email from ) . Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances - where , for example , you have shared information with a third-party application or web site . We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies . Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others , and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines . Updates to Privacy Policy . Fox News may modify this Privacy Policy . Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised . Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Fox News Services . If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use the personal information we have already collected from you , we will notify you and provide you with a choice about our future use of that information . Location of Data . The Fox News Services are hosted in and managed from the United States . If you are a user located outside the United States , you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States . United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction . This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above . As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care . Linked Services . The Fox News Services may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games , newsletters , contests or sweepstakes , or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies . Fox News is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies , and once you leave the Fox News Services or click an advertisement you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service . Data Retention . We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law . Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where , for example , you have shared information with social media or other services . Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others . We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies . It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints , contractual , financial or legal requirements . Sensitive Information . We ask that you not send us , and you not disclose , any sensitive personal information ( such as social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) on or through the Fox News Services or otherwise . If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at : Email : ldepartment @ foxnews.com Mail : Fox News Network , LLC 1211 Avenue of the Americas , 15th Floor New York , NY 10036 Attention : Legal Department 
This privacy policy explains our policy regarding the collection , use , disclosure and transfer of your information by Times Internet Limited and/or its subsidiary ( ies ) and/or affiliate ( s ) ( collectively referred to as the Company ) , which operates various websites and other services including but not limited to delivery of information and content via any mobile or internet connected device or otherwise ( collectively the " Services " ) . This privacy policy forms part and parcel of the Terms of Use for the Services . Capitalized terms which have been used here but are undefined shall have the same meaning as attributed to them in the Terms of Use . As we update , improve and expand the Services , this policy may change , so please refer back to it periodically . By accessing the Company website or this Application or otherwise using the Services , you consent to collection , storage , and use of the personal information you provide ( including any changes thereto as provided by you ) for any of the services that we offer . The Company respects the privacy of the users of the Services and is committed to reasonably protect it in all respects . The information about the user as collected by the Company is : ( a ) information supplied by users and ( b ) information automatically tracked while navigation ( c ) information collected from any other source ( collectively referred to as Information ) . A. INFORMATION SUPPLIED BY USERS Registration data : When you register on the website , Application and for the Service , we ask that you provide basic contact Information such as your name , sex , age , address , pin code , contact number , occupation , interests and email address etc . When you register using your other accounts like on Facebook , Twitter , Gmail etc. we shall retrieve Information from such account to continue to interact with you and to continue providing the Services . Subscription or paid service data : When you chose any subscription or paid service , we or our payment gateway provider may collect your purchase , address or billing information , including your credit card number and expiration date etc . However when you order using an in-app purchase option , same are handled by such platform providers . The subscriptions or paid Services may be on auto renewal mode unless cancelled . If at any point you do not wish to auto-renew your subscription , you may cancel your subscription before the end of the subscription term . Voluntary information : We may collect additional information at other times , including but not limited to , when you provide feedback , change your content or email preferences , respond to a survey , or communicate with us . B. INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED/ TRACKED WHILE NAVIGATION Cookies To improve the responsiveness of the Application for our users , we may use " cookies " , or similar electronic tools to collect information to assign each visitor a unique , random number as a User Identification ( User ID ) to understand the user 's individual interests using the identified computer . Unless you voluntarily identify yourself ( through registration , for example ) , we will have no way of knowing who you are , even if we assign a cookie to your computer . The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply . A cookie can not read data off your hard drive . Our advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your browser ( if you click on their ads ) , a process that we do not control . We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us via website , Application or Service though your computer/laptop/netbook or mobile/tablet/pad/handheld device etc . Log File Information We automatically collect limited information about your computer 's connection to the Internet , mobile number , including your IP address , when you visit our site , application or service . Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the pages you view . We automatically receive and log information from your browser , including your IP address , your computer 's name , your operating system , browser type and version , CPU speed , and connection speed . We may also collect log information from your device , including your location , IP address , your device 's name , device 's serial number or unique identification number ( e.g ..  UDiD on your iOS device ) , your device operating system , browser type and version , CPU speed , and connection speed etc . Clear GIFs We may use " clear GIFs " ( Web Beacons ) to track the online usage patterns of our users in a anonymous manner , without personally identifying the user . We may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients . We use this information to inter-alia deliver our web pages to you upon request , to tailor our Site , Application or Service to the interests of our users , to measure traffic within our Application to improve the Application quality , functionality and interactivity and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come . Information from other Sources : We may receive information about you from other sources , add it to our account information and treat it in accordance with this policy . If you provide information to the platform provider or other partner , whom we provide services , your account information and order information may be passed on to us . We may obtain updated contact information from third parties in order to correct our records and fulfil the Services or to communicate with you Demographic and purchase information : We may reference other sources of demographic and other information in order to provide you with more targeted communications and promotions . We use Google Analytics , among others , to track the user behaviour on our website . Google Analytics specifically has been enable to support display advertising towards helping us gain understanding of our users ' Demographics and Interests . The reports are anonymous and can not be associated with any individual personally identifiable information that you may have shared with us . You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings options provided by Google . The Application may include links to other websites or applications . Such websites or applications are governed by their respective privacy policies , which are beyond our control . Once you leave our servers ( you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser ) , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the application , you are visiting . That policy may differ from ours . If you ca n't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the application 's homepage , you should contact the application owners directly for more information . When we present information to our advertisers -- to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our websites or Applications -- it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages / content within our websites or Applications . We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our websites or Applications . These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number or other personally identifiable information ) about your visits to this and other websites or application , in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . We do not provide any personally identifiable information to third party websites / advertisers / ad-servers without your consent . The Information as supplied by the users enables us to improve the Services and provide you the most user-friendly experience . In some cases/provision of certain service ( s ) or utility ( ies ) , we may require your contact address as well . All required information is service dependent and the Company may use the above said user Information to , maintain , protect , and improve the Services ( including advertising on the Application ) and for developing new services . We may also use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent [ with an option to subscribe / unsubscribe ( where feasible ) ] . We may , however , use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes ( such as notifying you of major changes , for customer service purposes , billing , etc. ) . Any personally identifiable information provided by you will not be considered as sensitive if it is freely available and / or accessible in the public domain like any comments , messages , blogs , scribbles available on social platforms like facebook , twitter etc . Any posted/uploaded/conveyed/communicated by users on the public sections of the Application becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Policy . In case you choose to decline to submit personally identifiable information on the Application , we may not be able to provide certain services on the Application to you . We will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the same at the time of opening your account . In any case , we will not be liable and or responsible for the denial of certain services to you for lack of you providing the necessary personal information . When you register with the Application or Services , we contact you from time to time about updation of your personal information to provide the users such features that we believe may benefit / interest you . The Company shares your information with any third party without obtaining the prior consent of the User in the following limited circumstances : a ) When it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority to disclose , for the purpose of verification of identity , or for the prevention , detection , investigation including cyber incidents , or for prosecution and punishment of offences . These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for enforcing these Terms or for complying with the applicable laws and regulations . b ) The Company proposes to share such information within its group companies and officers and employees of such group companies for the purpose of processing personal information on its behalf . We also ensure that these recipients of such information agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures . c ) The Company may present information to our advertisers - to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our websites or Applications however it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our site . d ) The Company may share your information regarding your activities on websites or Applications with third party social websites to populate your social wall that is visible to other people however you will have an option to set your privacy settings , where you can decide what you would like to share or not to share with others . When you use the Services Site ( or any of its sub sites ) , we make good faith efforts to provide you , as and when requested by you , with access to your personal information and shall further ensure that any personal information or sensitive personal data or information found to be inaccurate or deficient shall be corrected or amended as feasible , subject to any requirement for such personal information or sensitive personal data or information to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes . We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed , corrected or removed before processing such requests , and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) , or for which access is not otherwise required . In any case , where we provide information access and correction , we perform this service free of charge , except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort . Because of the way we maintain certain services , after you delete your information , residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems . We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of data . These include internal reviews of our data collection , storage and processing practices and security measures , including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data . All information gathered on TIL is securely stored within the Company controlled database . The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall ; access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited . However , as effective as our security measures are , no security system is impenetrable . We can not guarantee the security of our database , nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet . And , of course , any information you include in a posting to the discussion areas is available to anyone with Internet access . We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit or use our website , mobile application or services . These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits or use to particular website , mobile application or services , in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . The internet is an ever evolving medium . We may alter our privacy policy from time to time to incorporate necessary changes in technology , applicable law or any other variant . In any case , we reserve the right to change ( at any point of time ) the terms of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use . Any changes we make will be effective immediately on notice , which we may give by posting the new policy on the Application . Your use of the Application or Services after such notice will be deemed acceptance of such changes . We may also make reasonable efforts to inform you via electronic mail . In any case , you are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically on the Application ) to ensure that you are aware of the latest version . Redressal Mechanism : Any complaints , abuse or concerns with regards to the processing of information provided by you or breach of these terms shall be immediately informed to the designated Grievance Officer as mentioned below via in writing or through email signed with the electronic signature to grievance.it @ timesinternet.in or Mr. Anand Vaishnav ( Grievance Officer )  Mr. Anand Vaishnav Grievance Officer ( Indiatimes.com ) Times Internet Limited 4th Floor , MPD Tower , DLF City Phase V , Opposite DLF Golf Course Gurgaon , Haryana 122002 , India Ph : 0124-4187000 We request you to please provide the following information in your complaint : - a ) Identification of the information provided by you ; b ) Clear statement as to whether the information is personal information or sensitive personal information ; c ) Your address , telephone number or e-mail address ; d ) A statement that you have a good-faith belief that the information has been processed incorrectly or disclosed without authorization , as the case may be ; e ) A statement , under penalty of perjury , that the information in the notice is accurate , and that the information being complained about belongs to you ; f ) You may also contact us in case you have any questions / suggestions about the Privacy Policy using the contact information mentioned above . The company shall not be responsible for any communication , if addressed , to any non-designated person in this regard . 
Please note that the practices of Shutterstock , Inc . ( " Shutterstock " ) , with respect to personal information , are now governed by this Privacy Policy as same may be amended from time to time . We encourage visitors to and users of our site to regularly review our Privacy Policy . To update your information and preferences , see the section entitled " Updating/Deleting Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences. "  SHUTTERSTOCK is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program . TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to build user 's trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices . This Privacy Policy covers the site , www.shutterstock.com ( the " Site " ) . Because the Site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy , it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe . Shutterstock complies with the E.U . Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal data from the European Union . If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy , you should first contact privacy @ shutterstock.com . If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed within 30 days of your first correspondence , you should contact TRUSTe at http : //www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php . TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with Shutterstock to resolve your concerns . All " Personal Information " ( " Personal Information " is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify , contact , or locate the person to whom such information pertains ) that we collect and maintain will be subject to this Privacy Policy , as amended from time to time . Shutterstock reserves the right to amend the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion and will provide notice on the home page of the Site when we make material changes to this Privacy Policy . If as the result of such changes , you want to alter the ways in which Shutterstock is allowed to use your Personal Information , you can do so by following the procedure described in the section entitled " Updating Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences. "  You will be deemed to have been made aware of , and will be subject to , any material changes to the Privacy Policy after such notice has been posted with the following exception : If at the time you provide Personal Information to Shutterstock you are given the opportunity ( as you currently are ) to limit how such information will be used to communicate with you , either by Shutterstock or by third parties , Shutterstock will not change your preference in this regard without your express consent . However , if Shutterstock is acquired by or merged with another entity , Shutterstock may provide to such entity customer information that is related to that part of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity without your consent , but Shutterstock will provide notice of such asset sales , acquisitions , or mergers on this Site . Personal Information on this Site is collected by Shutterstock , Inc. , 60 Broad Street , 30th Floor , New York , NY 10004 , USA and its telephone number is 1-866-663-3954 . You have the right to access and correct your Personal Information and privacy preferences at any time . This may be accomplished by clicking on the link , " My Account " , where you can view and make changes to most of your Personal Information immediately . If you are a contributor , you can change your profile here . For security purposes certain Personal Information can only be changed by contacting support by email . As a visitor to the Site , you can engage in many activities without providing any Personal Information . However , when you order products or services as a Shutterstock subscriber , we may collect the following Personal Information from you :  Contact information such as your name , phone and fax numbers , address and email address ; and Billing information such as the number , expiration date , card type and billing address of your credit card ; and Demographic information such as your job title , job description and company name and company type . If you submit content to Shutterstock for licensing , you may be asked to provide the following information :  Contact information such as your name , phone number , primary address , and email address . Shutterstock will verify this information by asking you to either : a ) upload a scan of a government issued ID ( which will be stored on our servers ) ; or b ) provide a credit card number . Your credit card number will be used solely for the purpose of verifying your name and address . The credit card number will not be stored . Payment and contributor information including , but not limited to , payout method , payout email , desired display name , skill level , content focus , etc . Depending upon the activity , some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary . If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity , you will not be able to engage in that activity . As is true of most websites , when you use the Site , Shutterstock or third parties authorized by Shutterstock may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer to facilitate your use of the Site and its services . For example , we may log environmental variables , such as browser type , operating system , CPU speed , and the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of your computer . We use these environmental variables to facilitate and track your use of the Site and its services . Shutterstock also uses such environmental variables to measure traffic patterns on the Site . To better understand the needs of our visitors to the Site we may occasionally match such information with your Personal Information . In order to reduce errors in our database , authenticate our users , and prevent abuse of our system , we may on occasion supplement the Personal Information you submit to us with information from third-party sources . For example , we may supplement your contact information with address information provided by the U.S. Postal Service to qualify your information and prevent errors in our database . As permissible , we may also supplement the information you provide to us with demographic and other information ( such as age or interest in photography ) stored in third-party databases in order to make it more likely that marketing communications we send will be of interest to you . Shutterstock uses one or more outside credit card processing companies to bill you for our goods and services . To the best of our knowledge , these companies do not retain , share , store or use personally identifiable information for any other purpose . We also share Personal Information with certain companies that perform services on our behalf . We only share the Personal Information which is necessary for them to perform those services . We require any company with which we may share Personal Information to protect that data in a manner consistent with this policy and to limit the use of such Personal Information to the performance of services for Shutterstock . We do not sell or otherwise provide Personal Information to other companies for the marketing of their own products or services . We do not sell , rent or share your personally identifiable information to or with third parties in any way other than as disclosed in this Privacy Policy . Shutterstock collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select . Shutterstock or one of our trusted partners may use this information to :  Process your financial transactions . Send you order / renewal confirmations . Register your rights , if any , to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users . Respond to customer service requests , questions and concerns . Administer your account . Send you requested product or service information . Keep you informed about special offers and services of Shutterstock and selected third parties . Administer promotions and sweepstakes you enter and notify you of the results . Investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities and/or violations of our Terms of Service . Meet our research and product/service development needs and to improve our Site , services and offerings ; and Customize your experience , including targeting our services and offerings to you . We store information that we collect through cookies , log files , transparent images , and/or third party sources to create a summary of your preferences . We tie your personally identifiable information , and/or your membership usage history , to information in the summary , in order to provide tailored promotions and marketing offers , to improve the content of the site for you and/or to determine your preferences . We further reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as required by law ( e.g. , to comply with a subpoena , warrant , court order , or legal process served on Shutterstock ) and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , avoid litigation , protect your safety or the safety of others , investigate fraud , and/or respond to a government request . We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security , law enforcement , or other issues of public importance . We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services . If you wish to delete your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at Support @ Shutterstock.com . We will respond to your request within 30 days . We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . You may " opt out " of receiving Shutterstock 's email updates , newsletters and/or partner emails by clicking on the " My Account " link on the Site and making the appropriate selections . The choice to opt out of such communications is also generally available during the sign-up process . Shutterstock will still contact you when there are changes to the Terms of Service or Submitter Terms & Conditions , as applicable . In addition , we will still send you service-related announcements including , but not limited to , a registration email , benefit notification emails , emails automatically triggered by actions you took on the Site and bill related notices . Generally , you may not opt-out of these communications , which are not promotional in nature . If you wish not to receive them , you have the option of deactivating your account The Personal Information that you provide in connection with the use of the Site is protected in several ways . Access by you to your account profile is available through a password and unique customer ID selected by you . This password is encrypted . You should strive to use a strong , alpha-numeric password which you should not divulge to anyone . Your Personal Information resides on a secure server that only selected Shutterstock personnel and contractors have access to via password . Your Personal Information is encrypted whenever it is transmitted to Shutterstock . When you enter sensitive information ( such as credit card number ) on our registration or order forms , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) . We strive to protect the Personal Information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it . No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however . While we use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information , we can not guarantee its absolute security . If you have any questions about security on our Web Site , you can send email to us at privacy @ shutterstock.com . The Site may automatically collect information as you browse , such as Internet Service Provider , browser type and version , operating system and device type , average time spent on our site ( s ) , pages viewed , information accessed , the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet and other relevant statistics . Such information is sometimes referred to as web analytics and/or clickstream data . We and our partners may use cookies and action tags to keep track of your visits , preferences and profile information . A cookie is a small , unique text file that a website can send to your computer when you visit a site . We may use session cookies , which terminate when a user closes his or her browser , and/or persistent cookies , which remain on the user 's computer until manually deleted . Most web browsers can either alert you to the use of cookies or refuse to accept cookies entirely . If you do not want us to deploy cookies to your browser , you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer . Rejecting cookies may affect your ability to use the Site . An action tag is similar to a cookie . Action tags help us identify and track the performance of web pages on the Site , allowing us to measure the performance and quality of the Site and to manage Site content . In addition , we may use action tags in emails . This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of marketing campaigns by showing , for example , how many emails have been opened . Electronic tracking technologies are used to enhance your experience on the Site , including allowing you to remain logged in on the Site . Cookies and pixel tags may also be used to collect general usage and aggregated statistical information that does not identify you personally . However , we and our third party partners may use cookies to store some of your preferences ( including limited Personal Information ) or to display relevant content based upon what you view on our site . We enable you to create a profile for accessing blogs or online communities for sharing information such as messages , photos and videos . Please note that we can not control the actions of others with whom you may choose to share your pages and information . Any information you post to a public bulletin board or chat room , such as the Forum For Contributors ( the " Forums " ) , is available to all persons accessing that location . Your email address will not automatically be posted on the Forums unless you modify the default setting to permit that . Your email address will then be available to all persons accessing the Forums . In addition , any information that you choose to include in your profile can be viewed by all visitors to the Forums . You can change your profile here . If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our Site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address . We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site . Shutterstock stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program . Your friend may contact support @ shutterstock.com to request that we remove this information from our database . We do not intend to solicit or collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 18 . If you are under 18 , do not enter information on this site or engage our services . If you believe a child of yours under the age of 18 has entered Personal Information please contact Support @ Shutterstock.com to have the data removed . Shutterstock takes its users ' privacy concerns seriously . If you believe that Shutterstock has not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Information , you may contact the Privacy Officer at Shutterstock , Inc. , 60 Broad Street , 30th Floor , New York , NY 10004 , USA . In your letter please describe in as much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the Shutterstock Privacy Policy has not been complied with . We will investigate your complaint promptly . If you do not receive acknowledgment of your complaint or your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed , you should then contact TRUSTe through the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process . TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with this Site to resolve your concerns . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this Web site , you can contact our Privacy Officer at privacy @ shutterstock.com . Shutterstock , Inc. 60 Broad Street , 30th Floor New York , NY 10004 USA 1-866-663-3954 
NBC News , a division of NBCUniversal Media , LLC , a company incorporated under Delaware law , with its registered address at 30 Rockefeller Plaza , New York , New York 10112 , is responsible for this Website and its contents . Related NBCUniversal 's Privacy Principles NBCU respects your concerns about privacy and values the relationship we have with you . This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect on this Website . ( The term personal information means information about you. )  how we may use that personal information and with whom we may share it the measures we take to protect the security of your personal information your rights and how you can contact us Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to information you provide to us offline . Please review this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use for this Website carefully . Your use of this Website signifies your agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use . Advertise We may collect information when you interact with the Website , for example when you subscribe to newsletters , register for chat rooms , participate in competitions or games , purchase merchandise etc . See below for more details about what type of information we may collect from you during those interactions . 1.1 Personal Information You Provide To Us You may choose to provide personal information ( such as your name , address , telephone number or email address ) through the Website . If you choose not to provide us with your personal information , you may not be able to access some of the services offered on the Website ( e.g. subscribe to newsletters , enter competitions , and purchase products ) . Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we think is required for our legitimate business interests , in order to better understand your interests and improve your experience of using this Website . In order to do so , we may collect and use your personal information as follows . In general , we collect , store and use your information to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient and customized experience on the Website . However , sometimes we need to collect and use your personal information to enable us to : to provide technical support ; to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities ( including copyright infringement ) ; or enforce our terms of service . If you communicate with us through the Contact Us link on the Website , we may ask you for your contact details , such as your name , email address and telephone number so we can respond to your questions and comments . You may also choose to provide additional information as well . On the Website , you may sign up to receive newsletters and other communications about our services and promotions . To sign up , we may ask you for your contact details ( such as your name and email address ) . This information is used by us to send you the communications you request Advertise Details of how you can opt-out of receiving any communications from us are detailed in the section headed Your Rights below . From time to time we may offer products or services for purchase through the Website . When you choose to purchase merchandise or subscribe for such services , we may ask you to provide your name , email address , postal address and telephone number . This information is collected for the purpose of providing you with the products/services you choose to purchase and/or subscribe for . We may also ask you to provide your credit/debit card details for this purchase , or we may direct you to a third party payment processing service ( such as PayPal ) to make payment . If we direct you to a third party payment process service we will advise you of this during the payment process , please be aware that we are not liable or responsible for such service and that your use of that service might be subject to terms and conditions imposed by the service provider . If you are a member of the media , you may join the Media section of the Website to access additional information . To sign up , we may ask you for your personal information such as your name , email address , telephone number , and company name and job title . We use this information to allow you to access additional information on the Website and to provide you with information that you may request . We may occasionally conduct contests , sweepstakes and other promotions . If you choose to enter , we may ask you for your contact details such as your name , email address , postal address and telephone number for the purpose of conducting these promotions . When you play one of our games , we may collect and store certain profile information that you provide directly or through a third party that is offering our game ( s ) . To provide a richer game and social experience , we also collect information about your play and interaction with other players and the Service . The bulk of this information is collected and stored through the use of web logs , which are files on our web servers that record actions taken on our games and the Website . In general , we collect , store and use your information to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient and customized experience in the following ways : to register your account and allow you to play our games to customise your gaming experience to administer games and improve game play to identify and suggest connections with other Website users to enable user-to-user communications to provide technical support and respond to user enquiries to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities and enforce our terms of service to notify users of in-game updates to provide in-game leader boards to communicate about our / third parties ? new and current games/products/services ( including promotional offers ) to solicit input and feedback to improve our products and services to resolve disputes , collect fees and troubleshoot problems Please be aware that our games are governed by additional terms of use posted on the site they are accessed from , and may also be governed by the terms of use , privacy policies and other guidelines of third parties ( in the case of our games that are available on third party platforms such as Facebook ) . Advertise Personal information posted to message boards , chat rooms , blogs and other user forums becomes public information . Please use caution when using these features of our Website . Please see our Terms of Use for the standards of behaviour that must be followed when using these sections of the Website . You may be able to take part in certain activities on the Website or games that give you the opportunity to communicate or share information not just with us , but also with other users of this Website . These include : participating in player forums and message boards posting public comments to other users ? profiles or game boards sending private messages or invitations to other users , either directly on the Website or to their email accounts chat with other users post photos The contents of any such private online communications may be accessed and disclosed ( i ) in response to a legal requirement such as a court order ; ( ii ) when we are required to disclose the information in response to such a legal requirement ; ( iii ) where we have a good faith belief that the Website is being used in the commission of a crime ; ( iv ) where we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency which poses a threat to the safety of you or another person ; and ( v ) when necessary either to protect our rights ( including to enforce our terms of service ) or for us to provide the service you have requested . Information collected when you register for or use our wireless applications and services via your phone or other mobile device or when such applications interact with this Website , for example , our smartphone applications . We offer Website visitors various features for their enjoyment , which we may change from time to time . We may ask you to submit certain personal information so we can provide you with these features where this is the case we will provide more detailed information about what information you need to provide and will explain how we will use it . We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the sites visited by their children . At various places on the Website or when providing other services , we may ask users for their age . By using the Website or our services you agree to respond truthfully and accurately about your age . We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 13 . If you are between the ages of 13 and 18 , please be sure to read this Privacy Policy with your parent and obtain his or her permission before you submit or post any Personal Information , and before you use any features of this Website . Advertise It is important that you protect and maintain the security of your account and that you notify us immediately of any unauthorised use of your account . Do not disclose your password to anyone else . Social media plug-ins of social networks such as Facebook , Twitter and Google plus ( among others ) are integrated on our Website . Where our sites contain a plug-in to a social network , these are clearly marked ( e.g. with a Facebook button ) . If you chose to click on one of these buttons or links , your browser connects directly to the servers of the relevant social network . The social network directly transmits the content of the plugin to your browser . If you are registered on the relevant social network and logged into your respective account the social network receives the information that the web page was used by you . If you interact with a social network plug-in ( e.g. you press the Facebook Like feature , the Twitter Tweet this feature and Google plus 1+ button or equivalent ) or drop a comment on the appropriate web page , the corresponding information is directly transmitted to the relevant social network from your browser . If you are not registered with the social network or you are logged out before you visit our Website , there is the possibility that at least your IP address will be submitted to and stored by the social network . If you interact with us through a social media platform , plug-in etc. then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some limited information from your social network profile ( such as name , email address , photo , gender , location , the people/sites you follow etc. ) . If you do n't want the social network to collect the information about you described above , or to share it with us and other third parties , please review the privacy policy of the relevant social network and/or log out of the relevant social network before you visit our Website . As with other sites , you may be able delete any existing cookies placed on your computer by the social network via your browser . 1.2 Information We Collect Automatically Like many companies , we use cookies or other similar technology ( including flash cookies , e-tags , cache browsers and GIFs etc ) on the Website . Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer 's hard drive when you visit certain websites . We use cookies to tell us , for example , whether you have visited the Website before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify Website features in which you may have the greatest interest . Cookies may enhance your online experience , for example , by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences , while you are visiting a particular page on this site . When you visit this site , we automatically collect certain personal information , that we then aggregate so that it is not linked to a single , identifiable individual . This information provides us with statistics such as how many users visit the Website and which pages were accessed . By collecting this information , we learn how to best tailor this site to our visitors . We may also enter into arrangements with outside companies that possess technology that allows us to customise the advertising and marketing messages you receive on this Website . To learn more about those companies and how you can opt-out of targeted advertising on this site , please click on About our ads at the bottom of each page [ put link ] . Please note that rejecting these cookies does not mean that you will no longer see advertisements when you visit the site . Without these cookies , online advertisements you encounter will likely be less relevant to you and your interests . We may also collect password information from you when you log in , as well as computer and/or connection information . During some visits we may use software tools to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , time spent on certain pages and page interaction information . Anonymous Data We may also use anonymous data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis . In order to better understand and serve our customers , we may conduct research based on customer demographics , interests and behaviours . Although this aggregated data may be based in part on personal information it does not identify any users personally . We may share this type of anonymous data with third parties , including our affiliates , agents , service providers and current and prospective business partners to administer the Website and for advertising , promotional and other business purposes . A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously . Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we can not recognize you , we want you to be aware that these tools exist . Advertise This Website is operated from the United States . However , as a global company , NBCUniversal may from time to time transfer your personal information to other countries and make it accessible by any of our affiliate entities and third party service providers internationally . Where the transfer of information is to a country which does not provide an adequate level of information protection , NBCUniversal has taken steps to ensure that your personal information receives an appropriate level of information protection . By using this Website and providing your personal information to us you understand and agree that your personal information may be sent to other countries . We may share your personal information with affiliates of NBCUniversal but only for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy . We may also share your personal information with service providers we have retained to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf , such as hosting websites , maintaining databases , administering contests , providing technology services , and processing payments . These parties are provided only with the personal information they need to perform their functions and can only use and disclose such personal information as is necessary to perform the services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements . We have taken steps to ensure that any such third party service providers will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information as we would . Some services provided on this Website may be cobranded by NBCUniversal and another company . If you register to or use such a service , both our privacy statement and the partner 's privacy statement may be displayed or linked to at the point at which you register . If so , both NBCUniversal and the partner will receive the information you provide when you register . In addition , we may disclose your personal information to our affiliates and third parties ( including , amongst others , law enforcement agencies , government/regulatory bodies , content protection organisations ) : ( 1 ) protect our legal rights , privacy or safety , and those of our subsidiaries , affiliates , employees , agents and contractors ; ( 2 ) protect the safety and security of visitors to our websites or other properties ; ( 3 ) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes ; ( 4 ) respond to inquiries or requests from government , regulatory , law enforcement or public authorities ; ( 5 ) permit us to pursue available remedies , commence , participate in , or defend litigation , or limit the damages that we may sustain ; ( 6 ) comply with subpoenas , search warrants , the law or other legal process ; or ( 7 ) enforce our Terms of Use . We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a part of our business or assets . If you do not want your personal information to be processed following such a transfer , you should contact the subsequent owner of the business . You will of course be informed of any such sale or transfer . The Website may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information . These websites may operate independently from this Website . Linked sites may have their own privacy notices and terms of use in place , which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked sites . To the extent any linked websites you visit are unrelated to NBCUniversal ; we are not responsible for their content , maintenance or availability . Like many other websites , we provide other websites with and allow users to snag or place our RSS feeds , video players and other applications on websites we do not control . This Privacy Policy applies to any information we collect when you use our RSS feeds , video players and other applications , but does not apply to information separately collected by the operators of those websites or other third parties that may provide content or services to those websites . We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards for this Website to help protect against loss , misuse or unauthorised access , disclosure , alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on this Website . Unfortunately , no transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure . It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully . Therefore , any transmission of personal information to us is made at your own risk . If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure , please notify us using the contact details below . Advertise We provide Website visitors with access to personal information they provide through this Website and the ability to review , update and correct it as and when necessary . Such requests may be subject to a small fee . To help protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity , such as requiring a password and user ID , before granting access to your personal information . If you have previously provided personal information to this Website to subscribe to one or more email newsletters or are receiving emails or other communications from this Website and you do not want to receive such emails , please discontinue your subscriptions by selecting the " unsubscribe " link at the bottom of any message , or the other means provided to unsubscribe , or using the contact details below . If you prefer that we do not use the personal information you have provided to us or we have collected via your use of this Website , you may send us a request using the contact information details below and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor that request . However , we will retain records of your information as needed in order to comply with applicable laws/regulations and if you provide us with any personal information after such request may use that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy . If you would like to make such a request , update your marketing preferences ( including requesting being removed from our marketing list ) or if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact us by : submitting your inquiry here ; or writing to NBC News , 30 Rockefeller Plaza , New York , New York 10112 If you choose to write , please send us a signed letter of request with your address and a copy of photo ID on which your signature appears . This Website is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States . Please note that we do not represent or warrant that this Website is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction . Those who choose to access this Website do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws , rules and regulations . 8 . Updates to Our Privacy Notice . From time to time , we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives , changes in the law or technology , or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use . If we make material revisions to the way we collect or use your personal information such that we are using it for purposes or sharing such data with third parties that you have not consented to , we will provide you with notice of those changes and may do so by either : ( 1 ) announcing the change on the home page of this Website or ( 2 ) taking such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances , including without limitation , posting the revised draft of this Privacy Policy on this Website . You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the Last Updated legend at the top of this page . Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the internet , accessible through this Website . By continuing to use this Website following such changes , you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes . If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy , as it may be amended from time to time , in whole or in part , please do not continue using this Website . 
Dow Jones & Company , Inc. and its subsidiaries ( " Dow Jones " , " us " or " we " ) want you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information from and about you . This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect from all sources including in connection with our websites , mobile sites , applications ( " apps " ) , electronic newsletters and widgets ( collectively the " Dow Jones Online Services " ) that link to this Privacy Policy . If there is a conflict between this Policy and a Dow Jones Online Services corporate subscription agreement , the Dow Jones Online Services corporate subscription agreement will take precedence . This Policy describes Dow Jones 's collection and use of users ' Personal Information . It also describes generally Dow Jones 's practices for handling Other Information ( e.g. , interests , demographics and services usage ) collected through our Dow Jones Online Services or from a third party to the extent such information is associated with a particular device , user or user account . As described more fully below , we share information with our affiliated companies ( " Dow Jones Affiliates " ) for the purposes described in this privacy policy . A list of Dow Jones Affiliates is available here . By using the Dow Jones Online Services or by providing personal information to us , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy . The Dow Jones Online Services are a network of general audience sites , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 14 years of age . Dow Jones and our service providers may collect the following information from and about you : Personal Information " Personal Information " is the information that identifies you as an individual , such as name , postal address , telephone number , email address , credit or debit card number , profile picture , or social media account ID . Personal Information from You We collect Personal Information when , for example , you register for or subscribe to certain products or services , create a profile , participate in a sweepstakes , contest or game , take a survey , visit our Dow Jones Online Services , use an interactive feature ( such as Chat or Email This ) , or participate in a community forum . Personal Information We Receive from Third Parties We may receive Personal Information about you from third parties , such as social media services , commercially available sources , Dow Jones Affiliates , business partners , and , if applicable to you , the third party provider of your subscription . The Personal Information we receive from third parties may include , for example , your name , contact information , information about your transactions , purchase history , or relationships with various product and service providers , and your use of certain applications . For example , if you access a Dow Jones Online Service through a social media service or connect a Dow Jones Online Service to a social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content the social media service has the right to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends list , and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service . When you access the Dow Jones Online Services through social media services or when you connect a Dow Jones Online Service to social media services , you are authorizing Dow Jones to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Other Information " Other Information " is any information that does not reveal your specific identity , such as browser information , app usage data , information collected through cookies and other technologies , demographic information , and aggregated information . Other Information You Submit We collect Other Information when you submit it to us . It may include your gender , zip code , birthday , education , occupation , financial information ( such as your income , investments , portfolio transactions and value , and other information ) , and interests . Other Information We Receive from Third Parties We may receive Other Information about you from third parties , including , for example , demographic data , information about your interests , and information about your activities on other websites Other Information We Collect Automatically When You are Online When you access and interact with our Dow Jones Online Services , we and our service providers may automatically collect certain information about those visits . For example , in order to permit your connection to the Dow Jones Online Services , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device , and browser , potentially including your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information . If you access the Dow Jones Online Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device ( " UDID " ) , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device . Dow Jones and our service providers also may use cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) when you visit or use the Dow Jones Online Services . Third parties that support the Dow Jones Online Services by serving advertisements or providing services , such as providing users with the ability to comment on content , allowing users to share content , customizing content based on usage , or tracking aggregate site usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect Other Information . Please see the Dow Jones Cookie Policy here for more information about our use of these technologies . Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether . Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information ( e.g. , http : //windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies ) . Users can manage the use of Flash technologies with the Flash management tools available at Adobe 's website , see http : //www.adobe.com/devnet/security.edu.html . Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features or personalization available through our Dow Jones Online Services . We use the Personal Information we collect from and about you for the purposes set forth below . Please note that we may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law . If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law , then we may use and disclose it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information . We may combine Other Information with your Personal Information , and when we do , we treat the combined information as Personal Information . To improve the quality of our products and services and to personalize your experience by presenting content , products and offers tailored to you , we may also combine the Personal and Other Information we collect with information relating to your use of other Dow Jones products , services and websites . In addition , we may supplement the Personal and Other Information we collect with information from other sources , such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from Dow Jones Affiliates or business partners . To provide and manage our services . We use the information we collect from and about you to provide our products and services and features to you , including : to process and fulfill your subscription , to send you information about your relationship or transactions with us , to measure and improve those services and features , to allow you to comment on content and participate in online games , contests , promotions or rewards programs , to provide you with customer support , including online chats , and to respond to inquiries . Some Online Services use the information we collect in site-specific ways . For example :  To provide you access through DJX . Some enterprise users have access to DJX , which allows you to sign into several Dow Jones websites with the same user ID . If you are a DJX enterprise user who previously subscribed to one or more products in the DJX suite , we may use Personal Information you provided to transition your account to a DJX subscription . If you are a new DJX enterprise subscriber , your account will be set up with a DJX user ID . Please note that all subsidiaries of Dow Jones & Company , Inc. that provide products and services included in DJX will use your Personal Information to provide those products and services . To provide you access to Collaboration Tools . Some of our Online Services contain " Collaboration Tools " that allow you to share content and communicate with other users . If you choose to use the Collaboration Tools , some of your Personal Information may be included in a directory that can be viewed and used by other users of these Collaboration Tools . To deliver relevant content and recommendations . To make your experience more interesting and personalized , we may use any of the Personal and Other Information we collect to assist us in delivering content on any of our Dow Jones Online Services . For example , if you use WSJ.com and Factiva.com , we may use your WSJ.com reading history to personalize the content delivered to you on Factiva.com . To deliver relevant online advertising . The Dow Jones Online Services and our service providers may use any of the information we collect from and about you ( in certain cases , such as with respect to financial information , only with your express permission ) to assist us in delivering relevant ads to you when you use the Dow Jones Online Services or another service provided by Dow Jones , Dow Jones Affiliates , or unaffiliated third parties . ( See Information We Collect , above , for details on the types of information we may use. )  As noted above , we may work with third party online advertising companies and advertisers who help deliver these ads to you . Information about your activities on our Dow Jones Online Services and other non-personally identifiable information about you may be used to limit the online ads you encounter to those we believe are consistent with your interests . To allow social sharing functionality . If you log in with or connect a social media service account with a Dow Jones Online Service , we may use Personal and Other Information to facilitate your sharing of information between the Dow Jones Online Services and your social media service . To contact you . Dow Jones and Dow Jones Affiliates may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to our products and services . To help make these promotional materials more relevant to you , we may use and combine any of the Personal and Other Information we collect to assist us in sending you promotional materials . If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from us , you can change your account setting through the appropriate link on the website account services page or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email . There are certain service notifications that you may not opt-out of , such as renewal notices and notifications of changes to Dow Jones products and services or policies . If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app . We may also use your information to respond to inquiries or requests you make to us . To protect the rights of Dow Jones and others . Dow Jones may use your Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of Dow Jones , our Dow Jones Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of our products and services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process , including laws outside your country of residence ; or ( v ) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence . Information Made Public Through Use of Our Services and User Privacy Settings Certain features on the Dow Jones Online Services give you an opportunity to interact with us and others . These may include the Collaboration Tools , community forums , chats , submitting a letter to the editor , creating community profiles , and rating , tagging and commenting on articles . When you use these features , you should be aware that any information you submit , including your name , user name , location , email address , profile information , picture , likes , status , and comments , including any political or religious or other beliefs you express , may be publicly available to anyone , including other users , search engines , advertisers , third party application developers , and anyone else with access to the Dow Jones Online Services . We are not responsible for any information you choose to submit and make public through these interactive features . Our Disclosure of Information Dow Jones & Company , Inc. and its subsidiaries may share your Personal Information with one another , as well as with Dow Jones Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy , including for each company 's marketing purposes . Please see the Introduction for more information about the companies that make up the Dow Jones subsidiaries and Dow Jones Affiliates . Users who visit Dow Jones Affiliates ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy . Dow Jones & Company , Inc. is the party responsible for the management of the jointly-used Personal Information . In addition , we may share your Personal Information with non-affiliated third parties when we believe sharing is permitted by you or authorized by this Privacy Policy . We share your Personal Information :  To manage corporate , third-party , and student subscriptions . If your subscription is provided in whole or in part by your employer or other third party , we may notify the provider when you access or use your subscription . If you have a student subscription associated with a professor or school , we may notify your professor or school to confirm your subscription , access or use . When providing these notices , we may reveal limited amounts of your Personal Information such as your name or email address . To allow third-party service providers to assist us in providing and managing our services . We may make your Personal Information available to certain third-party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide our products and services by , for example : developing or supporting products and features ; sending email messages on our behalf ; processing payments ; fulfilling orders ; delivering subscriptions ; auditing ; processing data or statistics ; and serving , customizing or delivering marketing or ads . These outside service providers are required to protect Personal Information entrusted to them and not use it for any other purpose than the specific service they are providing to us . To provide co-branded services and features . We may offer co-branded services or features , such as conferences , contests , sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party ( " Co-Branded Services " ) . These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on the Dow Jones Online Services or on the third party 's service . By virtue of these relationships , we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party . The third party 's use of your information will be governed by the third party 's privacy policy . To permit unaffiliated third parties to send you promotional materials.If you subscribe to the U.S. edition of The Wall Street Journal or Barron 's print publications , we may share your contact information with unaffiliated companies whose products and services may be of interest to you . While many of our subscribers appreciate receiving offerings from these companies , if you prefer that we do not share your information for this purpose , please contact Customer Service as described below in How to Access , Correct or Update Your Information . If you sign up to receive a Special Offer on the MarketWatch.com Service , Dow Jones will forward your request along with your email and Special Offer delivery information , to the company making the relevant Special Offer so that it can contact you directly . Once your information is provided to another company pursuant to your request it is not governed by this Privacy Policy . If you subscribe solely to any other Dow Jones Online Service , we may share your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties for such parties ' own marketing purposes if you have given us permission to do so . To allow social sharing functionality.If you log in with or connect a social media service account with a Dow Jones Online Service , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other Dow Jones Online Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service . We may also share the same information with the social media service provider . By logging in with or connecting your Dow Jones Online Services account and your social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends , and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy . If you do not want your Personal Information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your Dow Jones Online Services account , and do not participate in social sharing on the Dow Jones Online Services . To protect the rights of Dow Jones and others.There may be instances when Dow Jones may disclose your Personal Information , including situations where we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of Dow Jones , our Dow Jones Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of our products and services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process , including laws outside your country of residence ; or ( v ) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence . To complete a merger or sale of assets.If Dow Jones sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , Dow Jones may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction . Dow Jones uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard Personal Information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification . However , no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information . If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure ( for example , if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised ) , please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting Customer Service in accordance with the instructions below . You can access or modify your registration or subscription profile information and modify your marketing preferences by contacting Customer Service , as indicated below . Most subscribers and registered users can also update their Personal Information online by signing on to their accounts and visiting the appropriate account management sections of our websites . Please note that if you have subscribed or registered for our print and online editions , or for more than one of our publications or services , you may need to update your information for each separately . Here are links to pages where subscribers and registered users may update their personal profile information and marketing preferences :  Wall Street Journal Customer Center Wall Street Journal Email Setup Barron 's Customer Center MarketWatch My Profile DJX - Factiva Customer Support AllThingsD.com You may also contact Dow Jones Customer Service at service @ dowjones.com or by calling 1-800-DOWJONES ( U.S. only ) or 212-416-3858 ( outside the U.S. ) . Local contact information for The Wall Street Journal and Barron 's is also available in the Contact Directory . Local contact information for corporate enterprise products is available on the Customer Support site . Your California Privacy Rights California Law permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes . To make such a request , please write to us at :  Dow Jones & Company Attn : DM Disclosure Manager 200 Burnett Road Chicopee , MA 01020 and include your name and the address to which you would like us to respond . Updates to Privacy Policy . Dow Jones may modify this Privacy Policy . Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised . Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Dow Jones Online Services . Your use of the Dow Jones Online Services or your provision of personal information to use following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy . Location of Data . Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers , and by using our products and services , you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence , including the United States , which may have different data protection rules than in your country . Data Retention . We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law . Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service . In some cases , we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ( Payment Service ) . If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment in such a case , you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage . Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service 's privacy policy , rather than this Privacy Policy . We have no control over , and are not responsible for , any Payment Service 's use of information collected through any Payment Service . Linked Services . The Dow Jones Online Services may also be linked to sites operated by third parties , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games or applications developed and maintained by third parties . Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with a Dow Jones logo , even though they are not operated or maintained by us . For example :  A portion of The Wall Street Journal Archive is hosted by an unrelated company - ProQuest - through its ProQuest Archiver service , and all article purchases are processed by ProQuest . ProQuest collects and uses your information in accordance with its privacy policy , and makes your information available to us . We will treat all information that ProQuest provides about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy . The Portfolio feature is provided by a third party , LikeAssets . LikeAssets collects and uses your information in accordance with its privacy policy , which is separate from this one . Dow Jones is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties , and once you leave the Dow Jones Online Services or click an advertisement , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service . If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at privacypolicy @ dowjones.com . We ask that you not disclose any sensitive Personal Information ( e.g. social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) when contacting us . 
USATODAY.com Privacy Notice Last Updated : December 1 , 2012 We take seriously your interest in how your information is collected and used . Please read the following to learn about our Privacy Notice . This Privacy Notice discloses the privacy practices of the USATODAY.com website ( the " Site " ) . Specifically , it outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using the Site , and the ways in which we use and share this information . This Privacy Notice does not apply to any information you may provide to us , or that we may collect , offline and/or through other means ( for example , at a live event , via telephone , or through the mail ) . In addition , this Privacy Notice does not apply to any activities ( online or otherwise ) of the USA TODAY print newspaper . Please read this Privacy Notice carefully . By visiting and using the Site , you agree that your use of our Site , and any dispute over our online privacy practices , is governed by this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Service . Because the Web is an evolving medium , we may need to change our Privacy Notice at some point in the future , in which case we 'll post the revised Privacy Notice on this website and update the " Last Updated " date to reflect the date of the changes . By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes , you accept the Privacy Notice as modified . California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , also known as the " Shine The Light " law , permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year , free of charge , information about the personal information ( if any ) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year . If applicable , this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year . If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request , please submit your request in writing to : Mark Faris Online Privacy Coordinator USA TODAY Gannett Law Department 7950 Jones Branch Drive McLean , VA 22107 The information that we collect about you while you are using the Site falls into two general categories , as described below . The information we collect may be collected directly by us , or it may be collected by a third-party website hosting provider , or another third-party service provider , on our behalf . Information You Provide to Us . We may collect , through a variety of technologies and practices , and store information , including personally-identifiable information ( such as your name , postal address or e-mail address ) , or other information , that you voluntarily supply to us either while on the Site or in responding via e-mail in connection with a feature provided on the Site . Some examples of this type of information include information that you electronically submit when you contact us with questions , information that you post on blogs , discussion forums or other community posting and social networking areas on our Site , information that you electronically submit when you complete an online registration form to access and use certain features of our Site , and information contained in search requests or questions that you submit to the Site . We also may ask for information ( including a credit card number and other financial information ) from those users who make purchases or have payment transactions on our Site . If you decline to supply or provide us with certain information while using the Site , you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Site . Information that is Automatically Collected . We also collect and store non-personally identifiable information that is generated automatically as you navigate through the Site . For example , we may collect information about your computer 's connection to the Internet , which allows us , among other things , to improve the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on the Site . We also may use a standard feature found in browser software called a " cookie " to enhance your experience with the Site . Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes . By showing how and when visitors use the Site , cookies help us deliver advertisements , identify how many unique users visit us , and track user trends and patterns . They also prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences on certain areas of the Site where you have entered preference information before . This Site also may use web beacons ( single-pixel graphic files also known as " transparent GIFs " ) to access cookies and to count users who visit the Site or open our HTML-formatted e-mail messages . If you want to limit the non-personally identifiable information that is automatically collected while you use our Site , most Web browsers allow you to disable certain functionality or set certain privacy settings . For example , to disable cookies using Internet Explorer , select Internet Options under the Tools menu and click on Privacy . Select High or Block All Cookies . To disable cookies using Mozilla Firefox , select Options under the Tools menu . If you choose to disable cookies , or turn off other functionality , you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Site . We use the information we collect from you while you are using the Site in a variety of ways , including , for example , to process your registration request , provide you with services and communications that you have requested , customize features and advertising that appear on the Site , deliver our Site content to you , measure Site traffic , measure user interests and traffic patterns , and improve the Site and the services and features offered via the Site . We will not use the information that we collect while you are using the Site , nor will we authorize third parties to use such information , to mail or e-mail promotional offers directly to you unless you have specifically informed us that you would like to receive such promotional offers . If you wish to receive such promotional offers or view or update your preferences you may do so at registration.usatoday.com . Otherwise , we may share information we collect while you are using the Site with our affiliates and with trusted third-party service providers who assist us in providing services . If you do not wish your personally identifiable information to be used or shared for these purposes , send a letter to the Online Privacy Coordinator whose contact information is listed at the end of this Privacy Notice . For information about use of your information by us and by third-party advertising service providers for advertising and by , see the section Data Collected in Connection with Ad Serving and Targeting . Our Site also includes links to other websites and provides access to products and services offered by third parties , whose privacy policies we do not control . When you access another website or purchase products or services from a third party Site , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products or services . We also make some content , products and services available through our Site through cooperative relationships with third party providers . We may share with our provider partner any information you provide , or that is collected , in the course of visiting any pages that are made available in cooperation with our provider partner . In some cases , the provider partner may collect information from you directly ; in which cases the privacy policy of the provider partner may apply to the provider partner 's use of your information . The privacy policy of our provider partners may differ from ours . If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of one of our provider partners , you should contact the provider partner directly for more information . In addition , certain affiliated USA TODAY divisions , such as the USA TODAY print newspaper , provide online services that are separate from our Site and may be subject to privacy policies that are different from ours . If you have any question about the privacy policy that applies to the online service you are using , you should click on the relevant link on the page of the service that you are using . Please be aware that we may occasionally release information about visitors if required to do so by law or if , in our business judgment , such disclosure is reasonably necessary : ( a ) to comply with legal process ; ( b ) to enforce our Terms of Service ; or ( c ) to protect the rights , property , or personal safety of our Site , us , our affiliates , our officers , directors , employees , representatives , our licensors , other users , and/or the public . Please also note that as our business grows , we may buy or sell various assets . In the unlikely event that we sell some or all of our assets , or our Site , is acquired by another company , information about our Site users may be among the transferred assets . We operate in compliance with the Digital Advertising Alliance 's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising , www.aboutads.info . We may use cookies , web beacons and similar technologies , and/or a third-party ad serving software , to automatically collect information about site users and site activity , and we may use this information to , among other things , serve targeted advertisements on this site . The information collected allows us to analyze how users use the site and to track user interests , trends and patterns , thus allowing us to deliver more relevant advertisements to users . We also may use third-party service providers , to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on the pages of our Site . We may share technical or aggregate information about your interaction with our Site , such as type of pages viewed and categories of interest , from our Site with these service providers for their use in displaying ads on our Site . These providers may use their own cookies , web beacons and similar technologies to collect similar information from our Site . These service providers may use that information , sometimes in conjunction with similar information gathered through other websites , to deliver advertisements on this Site , and on other websites that participate in our service providers ' advertising networks , that are tailored to match the perceived interests of consumers . The information obtained by our third-party service providers also may be used to help measure and research an advertisement 's effectiveness , or for other purposes . Unless you affirmatively provide information , the data collected in connection with the ad serving and ad targeting on our Site does not identify you personally and does not include your name , address , email address or telephone number , but it may include device identifying information such as the IP address , MAC address , cookie or other device-specific unique alphanumerical ID of your computer . The use and collection of information by third-party advertising service providers are governed by the relevant third party 's Privacy Notice and are not covered by our Privacy Notice . If you would like more information about the information collection practices of a particular service provider , or if you would like more information on how to opt out of a service provider 's information collection practices , go to www.aboutads.info . You can opt out of the use of cookies by DoubleClick , one of our service providers , by visiting http : //www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy . Additionally , many of our advertising service providers are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( " NAI " ) . You can obtain more information about these advertising service providers ' information collection practices , and opt out of such practices ( and at the same time opt out of the collection practices of other , or all , NAI members ) by following the opt out instructions on the NAI 's website at http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . If you would like more information on how to opt out of information collection practices , go to http : //www.aboutads.info . Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information or other private information available for viewing by third parties online - for example on blogs , discussion forums , or other community posting or social networking areas of our Site - that information can be seen , collected and used by others besides us . We can not be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information . This children 's privacy statement explains our practices with respect to the online collection and use of personal information from children under the age of 13 , and provides important information regarding their rights under federal law with respect to such information . This Site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do NOT knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 as part of the Site . We screen users who wish to provide personal information in order to prevent users under the age of 13 from providing such information . If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13 as part of the Site , we will delete such information from our records . Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 via the Site , we also do NOT knowingly distribute such information to third parties . We do NOT knowingly allow children under the age of 13 to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information through the Site . Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 via the Site , we do NOT condition the participation of a child under 13 in the Site 's online activities on providing personally identifiable information . If you are a registered member of our Site , you can make changes to your account information by logging in to the Site and using the account tools available via the Site . If you have subscribed to one or more of our e-mail newsletters , you may also change your subscriber information , modify your subscriptions , and/or unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time by visiting registration.usatoday.com . If you have any questions about modifying your account or preference information , please visit the customer service pages of our Site . All information we gather on our Site is stored within a database to which only we and our hosting services provider are provided access . However , as effective as the reasonable security measures implemented by us may be , no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable . We can not guarantee the security of our Site 's servers or databases , nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice , our privacy practices , or your dealings with us , please contact us by writing to : Mark Faris Online Privacy Coordinator USATODAY.com Gannett Law Department 7950 Jones Branch Drive McLean , VA 22107 
Sports Illustrated PRIVACY POLICY Table of Contents The Information We Collect How We Use the Information Privacy Options Your California Privacy Rights : Notice to California Customers Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors Cookies Our Commitment to Security Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting Your Personal Information Retention of Personal Information Special Note for Parents Changes to this Privacy Policy How to Contact Us Safe Harbor Privacy Policy European Union Privacy Information For citizens of member countries of the European Union , and Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , and New Zealand Canada Privacy Information This is the Privacy Policy which applies to you if you live outside the European Union , Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , New Zealand , and Canada . Thank you for visiting Sports Illustrated , or using our mobile device applications ( the " Apps " ) or other services ( together with the Apps , the " Services " ) , Services within the network of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries , each of which have adopted this Privacy Policy . Your privacy is important to us . To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Time Inc. and its subsidiaries . Click here for a list of the sites of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries which are governed by this Privacy Notice . Through Time Inc. publications , websites , and other media , you can order publications and products ; engage in various activities like entering contests or sweepstakes , playing games , taking quizzes , voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion ; subscribe to one of our services , such as newsletters ; or participate in one of our online forums or communities . Your personally identifiable information may be required to engage in these activities as well as to receive products and services that you may have requested . The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages and elsewhere include but are not limited to : name , address , gender , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number and credit or debit card information . We may also collect information about your personal or professional interests and use of or opinions about various products , programs and services . For instance , we may ask you to identify your job or industry to qualify you for free business magazines . At some Time Inc. sites and through certain promotions , you can submit information about other people . For example , you might submit a person 's name , mailing and/or e-mail address to send a gift or electronic greeting card . The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address and telephone number . We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our web pages or use our applications , such as the type of browser and operating system you are using , your IP address , your device identifiers , your Internet or wireless service provider , and location-based information . back to top We may use the information you provide about yourself or others to fulfill requests for our publications , products or services , to respond to inquiries about offerings and to offer other products , programs or services that may be of interest . We may combine information we receive with outside records and share such information with third parties for use on our behalf to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you . We may disclose personally identifiable information that we receive from you and from third party sources to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you . When you request a magazine , service , or other product , we will forward the information you give us to the publisher or provider to the extent necessary to fulfill your request . They may contact you with special offers of possible interest . We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes , when we make changes to subscriber agreements , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account . If you choose to submit content ( e.g. , a " letter to our editors " or an online review ) , we may publish your name , screen name and other information you have provided to us . You hereby consent to this . The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience . We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , or services . We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our publications and websites , and to enable us to customize your Internet experience . We also may use this information to analyze site usage , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services . We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena . We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request . Agents and contractors of Time Inc. that have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by , for example , not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Time Inc . We may transfer your personally identifiable information to other Time Inc. offices for internal management and administrative purposes on our behalf . Your personal data will be transferred to other Time Inc. offices where necessary for the performance or conclusion of our contractual obligations to you or for your benefit . To the extent not prohibited under applicable law , transfers and disclosures of personally identifiable information may also be made where necessary for the establishment , exercise , or defense of legal claims , to protect the rights and property of Time Inc. , our agents , customers , and others , including to enforce our agreements , policies , and terms of use ; or to protect the personal safety of any person . Please note that if Time Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or lines of business is merged , acquired , divested , financed , sold , disposed of or dissolved , including through merger of , consolidation , sale or divestiture of assets , the relevant customer database , including personally identifiable information we may possess about you , may , in whole or in part , be sold , disposed of , transferred , divested , or otherwise disclosed as part of that transaction or proceeding . Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy . Inadvertent disclosures may result , for example , when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data . If you prefer not to receive traditional mail or other off-line promotions from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your personally identifiable offline information with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here . If you prefer not to receive e-mail marketing from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your email address with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here . Time Inc. sites will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses . back to top California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing . ( Note : Time Inc. sites do not recognize the do not track signals that some browsers may employ. )  As discussed above , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes offline please click here , or for email please click here . To find out more about your opt-out rights , please contact us as described in the " How to Contact Us " section below . Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours . Time Inc. also allows you to connect with other sites and services in order to share content and information . You should consult the other sites ' and services ' privacy notices , as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties or their use of your information . Time Inc. sites sometimes may offer contests , sweepstakes , promotions , editorial features , or other activities or offerings that are sponsored or co-sponsored by or presented with identified third parties . By virtue of your participation in such activities or offerings , your IP address and the personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit may be provided to both the Time Inc. site and the third parties . Time Inc. has no control over the third parties ' use of this information . Time Inc. sites may use reputable third parties to present or serve advertisements , including online behavioral advertisements , that you may see on the web pages and to conduct research about the advertisements . This privacy notice does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you ( e.g. , type of browser , operating system , domain name , day and time of visit , page ( s ) visited ) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information ( e.g. , cookies , web beacons and clear gifs ) . For more information on advertisements and your behavioral advertising options , visit our About Ads page and our Network Advertising Initiatives page . To enhance your experience on our Services , we may place " cookies " on your computer or device . Cookies are small text files that we place in your computer or device to store your preferences . Cookies , by themselves , do not tell us your e-mail address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us by , for example , registering with one of our Services . Once you choose to provide us with personal information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie . A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your Web browser or device , and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who has used our Services , and relate your use of the Services to other information about you , such as your usage information and personal information . We use cookies ( and Local Shared Objects , HTML5 , cache cookies , web beacons , or clear gifs , all described further below ) to understand usage of the Services and to improve our content and offerings and to deliver advertisements that you might be interested in . For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience on our Services ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to our site , to save your password in password-protected areas , to enable shopping carts , or to tailor content or product and service offerings ) . Most browsers automatically accept cookies . You can set your browser option so that you will not receive cookies and you can also delete existing cookies from your browser . However , you may find that some parts of the site will not function properly if you have refused cookies or similar tracking technologies and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar tracking technologies might prevent you from accessing some of our content . However , your viewing of editorial content may be hampered . If you wish to block cookies , go to http : //www.allaboutcookies.org/ to find out how , or check your browser.s instructions . Local Shared Objects : Local shared objects , such as .Flash cookies,. also may be stored on your computer or device . Local shared objects operate a lot like cookies , but can not be managed in the same way . Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device , you may be able to manage them using software settings . For information on managing Flash cookies , for example , see http : //helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html . HTML 5 : HTML5 , the language some Web sites are coded in , may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Service usage activities . This information may be retrieved by us to help us manage our Services , such as by giving us information about how our Services are being used by our visitors , how they can be improved , and to customize them for our users . Cache Cookies : Cache cookies , such as eTags , may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited a Service or Services in the past . Web Beacons : Our websites may also use small pieces of code called " web beacons " or " clear gifs " to collect anonymous and aggregate advertising metrics , such as counting page views , promotion views , or advertising responses . A web beacon is an electronic image called a single-pixel or clear GIF . Web beacons can recognize certain types of information , such as a user 's cookie number , time and date of a page view , and description of the page where the web beacon is placed . These web beacons may be used to deliver cookies that conform to our cookie policy above . These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers or partners on our behalf . These technologies enable us to assign a unique number to you , and relate your Service usage information to other information about you , including your personal information . We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times , including both personal information and Service usage information , and use such information along with offline and online information obtained from other sources ( including third parties ) such as demographic information and updated contact information ( where that information has been lawfully disclosed to us ) for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you with relevant content . back to top We have put in place appropriate administrative , technical , and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect . No system can be completely secure , however , and we do not guarantee that unauthorized disclosures and access will not happen . We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us and any subsequent updates . We encourage you to review , update , and correct the personal information that we maintain about you , and you may request that we delete personal information about you that is inaccurate , incomplete , or irrelevant for legitimate purposes , or are being processed in a way which infringes any applicable legal requirements , by contacting us as set out in the " How to Contact Us " section below . At our election , instead of deleting such information , we may retain it with your comment or correction noted in our records . By contacting us , you may also object to our further use of your personal information if you have compelling legitimate grounds ( this may involve closing your account ) . We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information , correct any inaccuracies , or delete any information . Your right to review , update , correct , and delete your personal information may be limited , subject to the law or your jurisdiction : ( i ) if your requests are abusive or unreasonably excessive , ( ii ) where the rights or safety of another person or persons would be encroached upon , or ( iii ) if the information or material you request relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between you and us , or providing access to you would prejudice negotiations between us or an investigation of possible unlawful activity . Your right to review , update , correct and delete your information is subject to our records retention policies and applicable law , including any statutory retention requirements . We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us and thereafter for as long as we need it for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws . Thereafter , we will either delete your personal information or de-identify it so that it is anonymous and not attributed to your identity . Your rights to request that we delete your personal information are set forth in the " Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting Your Personal Information " section above . The site you are visiting is one of the Time Inc. general audience sites and is not intended for use by children . For more information about our online privacy practices for children 's sites , consult the privacy notice at the children 's site in which you are interested . This Privacy Policy may be changed by Time Inc . The revised Privacy Policy will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we may disclose it . If you have any questions or concerns about the Time Inc . Privacy Notice or its implementation please contact us via email by clicking here or by writing to :  Time Customer Service Attention : Consumer Affairs 3000 University Center Drive Tampa , Florida 33612-6408 http : //sportsillustrated.cnn.com/ back to top This Privacy Policy was revised Jan. 2 , 2014 . 
At the same time that The Washington Post Company and washingtonpost.com are committed to bringing you information tailored to your individual needs , we recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of your personally identifiable information . In adopting this privacy policy , our intent is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using personally identifiable information and your reasonable expectations of privacy . Please note : this policy applies only to information collected by washingtonpost.com online , as specified below , and does not govern or apply to information collected or used by The Washington Post Company or its affiliates through other means Washingtonpost.com asks you to provide various types of personally identifiable information to enhance your experience on our site . During registration , washingtonpost.com asks for information such as your name , e-mail address , year of birth , gender , Zip code , country , street address , Job Title , Primary Responsibility , Job Industry and Company Size . The more information you provide , the better we are able to customize your experience . We may also ask you for other information at other times - such as when you enter a contest or participate in a promotion , when you post an online ad , when you participate in our message boards , or when you order products from us . Whenever you provide personally identifiable information to us , we will make an effort to link to our privacy policy . See below about cookies and what other information is collected . Our primary goal in collecting personally identifiable information is to provide you , the user , with a customized experience on our network of sites . This includes personalization services , interactive communications , online shopping and many other types of services , most of which are completely free to you . Washingtonpost.com uses the personally identifiable information you provide to us in several ways . Some examples follow . A user 's personally identifiable information may be used by washingtonpost.com for editorial purposes such as to contact you as part of an online survey . Additionally , we may also use the information provided by you to : 1 ) contact you with legal notices , 2 ) to advise you of any changes or additions to our Service or terms and conditions , and 3 ) account status ( including confirmation of registrations ) . If you do not wish to receive the foregoing and therefore unregister from the site , please contact Customer Care and ask to have your registration account deleted . Once your account has been deleted , you will no longer have access to washingtonpost.com , however , you may reregister at any time . We may also use information about our users and their activities on our site to send offers and information about The Washington Post Company and its affiliates . However , if you no longer wish to receive the foregoing , please contact Customer Care to request removal from this list . Further , if you told us in your account preferences that you would be interested in receiving certain e-mail newsletters from us , we will send you those e-mail subscriptions . Please note that regardless of those subscription preferences , we may contact you by e-mail as described elsewhere in this privacy policy ( e.g. , to notify you about changes or additions to our Service , such as new features ) . However , if you no longer wish to receive any of the foregoing , you may change your preferences for the future at any time by clicking on the following link : https : //ssl.washingtonpost.com/actmgmt/registration/addnewsletter/long In order to provide services free of charge , we display advertisements . washingtonpost.com delivers targeted advertisements on behalf of advertisers . Advertisers give us an advertisement and tell us the type of audience they want to reach ( for example , females over 25 years old ) . We take the advertisement and display it to users meeting those criteria . In this process , the advertiser never has access to you washingtonpost.com account . Washingtonpost.com also does research on our users ' demographics , interests and behavior based on the information you provide to us including upon registration , on order forms , during a promotion , as well as from our server log files or from surveys . We do this to better understand and serve our users . This research is compiled and analyzed and washingtonpost.com may share aggregated versions of this data with advertisers or other businesses . In addition , under confidentiality agreements , washingtonpost.com may match user information with third party data . When you are on an area of washingtonpost.com and are asked for personally identifiable information , you are providing that information to The Washington Post Company , its divisions or affiliates , or vendors providing contractual services for washingtonpost.com ( such as hosting vendors and list managers ) . If personally identifiable information is being provided to and/or maintained by any company other than these , our policy is that we will not transfer that personally identifiable information unless notice is given prior to transfer . If you do not want your information to be shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular service or by expressing this preference , if requested . Additional information about personally identifiable information follows . Promotions : Promotions that run on washingtonpost.com may be sponsored by companies other than washingtonpost.com or may be co-sponsored by washingtonpost.com and another company . Some or all personally identifiable information provided by you during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor . If information will be shared , we will disclose such sharing prior to the transfer . You can decide not to participate in the promotion if you do n't want your personally identifiable information to be shared . In certain circumstances , you may not be able to participate in a particular promotion if you chose not to share personally identifiable information . Currently , most washingtonpost.com promotions are limited to U.S. or North American residents . Advertisers and Links : washingtonpost.com advertisers , or Web sites that have links on our site , may also collect personally identifiable information directly from you . The information practices of companies collecting data on our site or Web sites linked to washingtonpost.com are not covered by this privacy statement . Marketplace : If you make a purchase or request a service from a business in Marketplace , the information you provide for that transaction ( as well as tracking information and cookies as described below ) is provided directly to the Marketplace business . Businesses listed in washingtonpost.com Marketplace have separate privacy and data collection practices . washingtonpost.com has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies . For more information regarding the business and its privacy policy , go to that business ' home page and click on the appropriate link . Other : If we run competitions or contests on the site , you may be required to provide additional information such as your telephone number and address in order to participate . The exact rules may vary in each case but the specific rules for any contest will state how that information may be used . If you told us in your account preferences that you would be interested in receiving e-mail from us , we may send you e-mails about washingtonpost.com products , promotions , or services as well as on behalf of other companies . You can change your account preferences at any time . In addition , in each advertising email you will be provided an ability to opt-out of receiving future emails from the advertiser . We do not control the privacy policies of our advertisers , sponsors or other sites or businesses to which we provide hyperlinks or access . Please visit the sites of these businesses to review their privacy policies . Washingtonpost.com users should also be aware that , when you voluntarily disclose personal information in chat areas or bulletin boards , that information may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others . Except as stated in this privacy policy or at the time of collection , a user 's personally identifiable information will not be transferred to a party outside The Washington Post Company , its divisions or affiliates , or its service vendors unless notice is given at the time of collection or prior to transfer . washingtonpost.com may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information may be necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our User Agreement , may be causing injury to or interference with ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) washingtonpost.com 's rights or property , other washingtonpost.com users , or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities , pursuant to a request from law enforcement , a subpoena , or a court order , or when otherwise may be required by law . Data Security : We have in place physical , electronic and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online . However , as effective as these measures are , no security system is impenetrable . We can not guarantee the security of our database , nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet . Web servers serving washingtonpost.com automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information , such as which pages each user visits and the domain name of visitors . This information is used for various purposes including internal review , to tailor information to individual visitors and other users , for traffic audits , and as described elsewhere in this privacy policy . We also provide this information ( as well as information from third-party market researchers ) about our users on an aggregated , anonymous basis to our advertisers . Washingtonpost.com places a cookie on the browser of a washingtonpost.com user 's computer to store and sometimes track information about you . A cookie can be used to tell when your computer has contacted a Web site ; we may also use the information for editorial purposes and for other purposes such as measuring certain traffic patterns . For example , cookies are used to ensure that you do n't see the same ad too many times in a single session and that you do not have to reenter your login name or password during your visit . We may also use cookies to understand your use of the Service . Advertising service vendors that serve ads into our site may also use their own cookies . You may opt out of those cookies as described below . You may opt-out of the cookies delivered by washingtonpost.com by changing the setting on your browser . Please be aware that this will disable all cookies delivered to your browser , not just the ones delivered by washingtonpost.com . Online advertising for washingtonpost.com is delivered by the vendor DoubleClick . DoubleClick places cookies on your browser to facilitate serving particular ads for instance , to help determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before , to tailor ads to you if you have visited our site before , and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements . You can opt out of DoubleClick 's use of cookies for these purposes by visiting http : //www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/ . In some cases , we and advertisers on washingtonpost.com and other sites work with other third-party vendors to help deliver advertisements tailored to your interests . These vendors include ad networks and audience segment providers , and they place cookies on your browser to collect information about your online activity ( e.g. , the sites and pages you have visited ) in order to help advertisers deliver particular ads on our site and other sites that they believe you would find most relevant . You can opt out of those vendors ' use of cookies to tailor advertising to you by visiting http : //www.aboutads.info/ . Often our advertisers contract with a third-party service to host their ads . In this case , an ad serving vendor contacts the advertisers ' hosting service for a particular advertisement . In that case , an independent cookie may be used by the third-party service . We do not have a mechanism to allow visitors to opt-out of cookies from vendors with whom we do not have a contractual relationship . Kids under 13 : Do not send any information about yourself to us - including information like your name , address or e-mail address . In general , we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 . If , in limited circumstances , we do knowingly collect personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 , we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to collection . In the event that we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible . Technology on the Internet is developing at a rapid pace , and we need to maintain our flexibility in the online arena . If we need to change our policy in the future , we will post these changes as soon as they go into effect . Copyright 1999 , 2000 , 2001 , 2002 , 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2010 WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post 
Privacy Policy Below is the main Privacy Statement for Reuters . There will be additional Privacy Statements that apply to other services connected with this site offered by Thomson Reuters Corporation . Please read these at the time you register or subscribe for these services . At Reuters we collect different types of information about our visitors and consumers for four main reasons :  To provide personalised services unique to individual visitors and consumers . To help us to monitor and improve the services we offer to you . To sell advertising space on Reuters websites . Only with the consent of each consumer , to market our services to individual consumers . Please follow the links below for further information . Reuters Principles How Reuters May Use Your Information Updating Your Personal Information Who Reuters May Share Your Information With Use of Cookies About Reuters Advertising Legal Information How to Contact Reuters About Your Personal Information , and/or this Privacy Statement Changes to this Privacy Statement Reuters does our utmost to protect your privacy through the appropriate use of security technology . This means : We ensure that we have appropriate physical and technological security measures in place to protect your information . We ensure that when we use other services providers for any processes , these service providers also have appropriate security measures in place to protect your information . Reuters respects your privacy . You should only receive marketing emails from Reuters and/or from Reuters preferred third parties which you have agreed to . It will be made clear to you where you have these choices . For example , by providing check boxes for you to decide whether you wish to receive these offers in marketing . Reuters may , however , email you occasionally with information or questions about your account . Reuters will only collect and use your information where we have legitimate business reasons , and we are legally entitled to do so . Reuters will be transparent about the information we will collect on you and how we will use your information . Reuters will only use your information for the purpose ( s ) for which they were originally collected and we will ensure any old information is securely disposed of . Reuters is accessible via the internet . This means that any collected information can be accessed from anywhere in the world . If Reuters or our service providers transfer your information outside of your country , or outside the European Economic Area ( EEA ) , all protection required under the law shall remain in place . Personal Information You Share With Us Personal Identifiable Information " is the information that identifies you as an individual , such as name , postal address , telephone number , email address , and/or credit card number . Reuters collects Personal Information ( PII ) ONLY when you submit it to us , including when you register or subscribe for certain Thomson Reuters products and services , complete a survey , or participate in a forum . The Personal Identifiable Information ( PII ) that Reuters collects is First Name , Last Name , Email Address , Screen Name , Street Address , Zip/Postal Code/Location , and Country . The only mandatory field above is email address when creating a Reuters account . We also ask optional profile questions that include , Investing Background , Risk Profile , Job Title , Job Function/Occupation , Industry , and no. of Staff/Company Size . None of which are required . The Reuters Loyalty Survey is another way we gather information about our users . This survey is only presented to registered users who have logged in 4 times during the last 30 days . The following questions will be presented to the user if they are selected , including what industry to do you work , what is your job title , and what size company do you work for . This survey helps us better understand our audience . Account Registration The minimum information we need to register a consumer is an email address and a password . We will ask further questions for different services , including sales promotions . Unless stated , all registration questions are compulsory . We may also ask some further , voluntary questions during registration for certain services so we can gain a clearer understanding of our visitors and consumers . This also enables us to personalize services for our visitors and consumers . Information we Automatically Collect Reuters automatically collects Non-Personally Identifiable Information ( Non-PII ) on all visitors and consumers interacting with our online services , including your IP address , browser type , operating geography , and pages visited . If you access our Online Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device ( " UDID " ) . This information is used to personalize your experience across all Reuters platforms . It also allows us to display relevant content , services and advertising to the appropriate audience . For Reuters Registered Consumers Reuters offers a My Profile page where you can update your personal information at any time , including resetting your password , email subscriptions , and managing your payment information . When you are logged in , you can get to this page from most pages on the site - simply click on My Account at the top of the screen . For All Reuters Consumers ( registered and non-registered )  Reuters offers a way to update your marketing profile information . Simply click on the AdChoices Icon ( us the actual Icon here ) at the bottom of most pages . A window will popup and allow you to update your marketing preferences or opt-out of targeted advertising . If you opt-out you will continue to see advertising but it will not be tailored to your interests . Reuters will not share your personal information with others for marketing purposes unless you have given your permission . With your permission , we will only share your information with carefully chosen third parties . Reuters may offer via the site third party services , such as video recommendations , article recommendations , social login , social sharing , social commenting , live news feeds , and surveys . Any information which is collected by Reuters when you access a third party service is processed under this Privacy Statement . Information collected by third party operators themselves will be governed by their own privacy statement . Reuters may use service providers to help us run this site or services available on the site , some of whom may be based outside your country or the European Economic Area . Any third parties who access your data in the course of providing services on our behalf are subject to strict contractual restrictions to ensure that your data is protected , and in compliance with Data Privacy laws . Reuters may also independently audit these service providers to ensure they meet our standards . Reuters use cookies and other similar anonymous tracking technologies for a number of reasons . Reuters use anonymous cookies for statistical purposes to track how many unique consumers we have and how often they visit the Reuters sites . Reuters collect data about which of our pages are most frequently visited and by which types of visitors and consumers from which countries . Reuters use registration cookies to track if registered consumers are logged in . This allows you to access services that require registration such as purchasing analyses or commenting on articles . You must enable Reuters to place cookies on your computer to register and use services requiring registration . Reuters use cookies with privacy compliant third parties to collect anonymous user information . These third party cookies ( flash and non-flash ) and web beacons are used for video recommendations , article recommendations , social sharing and other similar services and collect information such as your IP address , browser type , operating geography , and pages visited . Both Reuters and third party advertisers use cookies to collect anonymous statistical advertising data . This may include whether a visitor has seen an advertisement and if so , how long ago , how many have seen the advertisement once and how many have seen it more than once . Further information is available below concerning Online Behavioural Advertising . Placing cookies on your computer means Reuters may serve you advertisements possibly more interesting to you , and allows us to control the number of times you see advertisements and measure effectiveness of ad campaigns . Further information is available below in the Online Behavioural Advertising section , including how you can opt out of online behavioural advertising . You can turn cookies off , but if you do this , you may not be able to use some services on the Reuters site , and you might see more pop-ups and other intrusive advertising , as we wo n't be able to limit what you see using cookies . You will however still be able to view editorial content . For more information on managing your cookies , including how to turn them off , please review the Updating Your Personal Information section above . By permitting cookies to be used you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described above . Online Behavioural Advertising ( OBA ) allows us to deliver targeted advertising to visitors to the Reuters sites . OBA works by showing you advertisements which are based on the type of content you have been reading , and delivering advertisements which we believe may be of interest to you . As you browse Reuters , one of the cookies placed on your computer will be an advertising cookie so we can better understand what sort of pages you are interested in . The information collected about your computer enables us to group you with other computers who have shown similar interests . We can then display advertising to you which is based on these interests . For instance if you have been reading a lot of Food and Drink articles we may decide to show you more advertisements based on food and drink . It 's important to remember that none of the OBA techniques we employ requires us to collect or use personally identifiable information like your name , email address , postal address or telephone number . Behavioural retargeting is another form of OBA which enables us and some of our advertising partners to show you ads based on your online reading away from the Reuters site . For example , if you have visited the website of an online clothing shop you may start seeing ads from that same shopping site displaying special offers or showing you the products that you were browsing . This allows companies to advertise to visitors who are interested in their content after they leave their website . Reuters may also want to share behavioural data with other websites . This may mean that when you are on other websites you are served advertising based on your behaviour on Reuters , and on Reuters you may be served advertising based on your behaviour on other sites . If you want to opt out of receiving online behavioural advertising this does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising when you are using this website . It just means that the advertising you see will not be customised or relevant to you . If you would like to manage your advertising profile , interests and learn how to opt out of online behavioural advertising , please review the Updating Your Personal Information section above . If you would like to further read about OBA please visit http : //www.iab.net/public_policy/behavioral-advertisingprinciples . Please visit http : //bluekai.com/privacypolicy.php for the privacy statement of our online behavioural targeting technology provider . Other Advertising Reuters contains contextual affiliate links from which we may earn revenue . Our articles are never influenced by advertisers or affiliates , nor are they written for the purpose of promoting a product , except when clearly branded as a ' sponsored feature ' or ' advertisement feature ' or ' sponsor 's content ' . Please note that Reuters reserve the right to access and disclose personal data to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests , to operate our systems properly and to protect both ourselves and our visitors and consumers . For the purposes of Data Privacy legislation , Thomson Reuters is the Data Controller for data collected through Reuters sites , and services provided . Reuters Limited , a Thomson Reuters company , Thomson Reuters Building , 30 South Colonnade , Canary Wharf , London , E14 5EP . If you would like to obtain a copy of your information held by Thomson Reuters , or have any queries regarding Thomson Reuters use of your information please contact the Global Privacy Officer at the above address , or by emailing privacy.enquiries @ thomsonreuters.com Should Reuters elect to change our Privacy Statement , we will post the changes here . Where the changes are significant , we may also choose to email all our registered visitors and consumers with the new details . Where required by law , will we obtain your consent to make these changes . Changes to this Policy November 2011 : The Privacy Statement has been completely updated to include further information on marketing preferences , data collection , data sharing , use of cookies and user control over their own personal information on Reuters websites . 
Last Updated : November 18 , 2013 Bloomberg L.P. ( " BLP " ) respects the privacy rights of our users and is strongly committed to protecting your privacy . This Privacy Policy applies to this Web site , any newsletters subscribed to via this Web site , information collected and provided to BLP when you subscribe to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek at third-party websites and applications , and information collected offline when you subscribe to the print edition of Bloomberg Businessweek , but does not apply to any other products or services or to information collected in any other way ( whether offline or online ) by BLP , its general and limited partners , and its subsidiaries , and their respective general partners and affiliates ( collectively " Bloomberg " ) , unless expressly indicated by Bloomberg ( such as by including a link to this Privacy Policy on other Bloomberg websites or on Bloomberg mobile applications ) . BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information that you voluntarily provide on this Web site , on third-party websites and applications when subscribing to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek , or offline in connection with your Bloomberg Businessweek print edition subscription , which may include your name , address , e-mail address , credit card number , billing information , etc . For example , BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information when you register on this Web site , request certain Bloomberg services or products , or submit the information to enter a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion . This information is used to provide you your requested service or product and to communicate with you . We use any credit card or payment information we acquire from you to fulfill your order . Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information , Bloomberg may use your personal information to provide you with information , special offers , and promotions via various means including e-mail . You may instruct BLP at any time not to use your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy to provide you with information , special offers , and promotions by clicking here . You can also update your settings for receiving offers and promotions by email by clicking here . Please note that if you exercise choice in this manner , you will continue to receive communications concerning your account and products and services you requested , and in response to any requests for information by you . Your choice does not apply to any other Bloomberg products or services to which you may subscribe or purchase . Please also note that this opt-out process may take some time to complete , consistent with applicable law . BLP and the parties with whom we work ( e.g. , service providers , business partners ) may place , view , and/or use " cookies , " Web server logs , Web beacons , or other electronic tools to collect statistical and other information about your use of this Web site and other websites . This information may include information about the IP address of your computer , browser type , language , operating system , your mobile device , geo-location data , the state or country from which you accessed this Web site , the Web pages visited , the date and the time of a visit , and the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting this Web site . BLP and the parties with whom we work may use the information collected for various reasons , either on behalf of Bloomberg or for the other parties ' own purposes , including research , analysis , to better serve visitors to this Web site ( such as by enabling log-in , providing access to certain sections of this Web site , providing customized content , or presenting online advertising on this Web site or other websites tailored to your interests as described further below ) , to compile aggregate and anonymous information about usage of this Web site and other websites , other statistics , etc . However , if you have deleted and disabled cookies , these uses will not be possible to the extent they are based on cookie information . To assist us with the uses described in this Privacy Policy , information collected about your use of this Web site or other websites may be combined with personal or other information about you from other online or offline sources . If you prefer that we not combine non-personal information that has been collected , through cookies , about your use of this Web site or other websites with personal or other information about you , then please delete and disable cookies for each browser , on each computer you use to surf the Web . Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default . If you prefer , you can usually set your browser to disable cookies , or to alert you when cookies are being sent . Likewise , most mobile devices allow you to disable the ability for geo-location information to be collected from your mobile device . The help function on most browsers and mobile devices contains instructions on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies , disable cookies entirely , or disable the collection of geo-location data . You need to set each browser , on each device you use to surf the Web . Thus , if you use multiple browsers ( e.g. , AOL , Safari , Internet Explorer , Firefox , etc. ) , you should repeat this procedure with each one . Similarly , if you connect to the Web from multiple devices ( e.g. , work and home ) , you need to set each browser on each device . However , if you disable cookies or refuse to accept a request to place a cookie , it is possible that some parts of this Web site , such as the polls , surveys , contests , and product sales , and certain areas of the Web site for which you need to log in , will not function properly , and the advertising you receive when you visit this Web site may not be advertisements tailored to your interests . BLP , its designated service providers , or third-party advertisers or their advertising servers may also place or recognize unique cookies on your computer or use other electronic tools in order to help display advertisements that you see on this Web site or on other websites . Information about your visits to , and activity on , this Web site and other websites , an IP address , the number of times you have viewed an advertisement , and other such usage information is used , alone or in combination with other information , to display on your device screen advertisements that may be of particular interest to you . We may use Web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage and optimize our online advertising and product performance . Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this Web site , and to learn which banner ads bring users to this Web site . The use and collection of your information by these third-party service providers , and third-party advertisers and their advertising servers is not covered by this Privacy Policy . BLP adheres to the industry 's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising located here . To " opt out " of advertising cookies placed by participating companies in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising , and thereby limit the tracking of your online activity and the targeted advertising you receive , please click here . To " opt out " of advertising cookies placed by the Network Advertising Initiative 's ( " NAI " ) online behavioral advertising member networks , and thereby limit the tracking of your online activity and the targeted advertising you receive , please click here . Note that even if you opt out of cookies placed by such member networks and participating companies , you will still receive online advertising . BLP 's designated service providers assist BLP with advertisement display functions and related analytics for this Web site . For a list of these designated service providers and more information about their anonymous information collection and use practices , please click here . BLP may share your personal and other information with our affiliates ( including affiliated websites under common ownership or control ) and designated service providers . BLP may share with other third parties information about our Web site users , such as your use of this Web site or other websites , and the services provided on this Web site or other websites , but only on an anonymous and aggregate basis . Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information , BLP may also share your personal information with a sponsor or other third party ( " Third-Party Provider " ) that provides you with special offers or promotions that may be of interest to you . You may instruct BLP at any time not to share your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy with such Third-Party Providers by clicking here . Please note that ( i ) this opt-out process may take some time to complete , consistent with applicable law ; and ( ii ) even after such opt-out process is completed , your personal and other information may continue to be shared with our affiliates ( including affiliated websites under common ownership or control ) and designated service providers . If you participate in certain features of this Web site ( e.g. , sharing news stories of interest ) , please note that any information you or others voluntarily disclose through use of these features , becomes available to the public and/or other users whom you have designated . If you choose to provide access to designated individuals , please be aware that any information you post will be visible to such individuals for their use . Bloomberg is not responsible for the information that you or others choose to disclose publicly on this Web site , and neither Bloomberg 's nor others ' use of such information is subject to this Privacy Policy . BLP may also disclose your personal and other information to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary : ( a ) to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena , court order , government request , or other legal process ; ( b ) to produce relevant documents or information in connection with litigation , arbitration , mediation , adjudication , government or internal investigations , or other legal or administrative proceedings ; ( c ) to protect the interests , rights , safety , or property of Bloomberg or others ; ( d ) to enforce any terms of service on this Web site ; ( e ) to provide you and other users of this Web site with the services or products requested by you and/or the other users ( including allowing a purchaser of BLP or a BLP division to continue to serve you ) , and to perform other activities related to such services and products , including billing and collection ; ( f ) to provide you with special offers or promotions from Bloomberg that may be of interest to you ; or ( g ) to operate Bloomberg 's systems properly . The collection , further use , and/or disclosure of your information by Third-Party Providers or by other third parties is not the responsibility of Bloomberg . Rather , such collection , use , and/or disclosure is governed by the third parties ' privacy policies . Any personal information you provide to BLP is kept on secure servers . BLP uses reasonable administrative , technical , personnel , and physical measures ( a ) to safeguard personal information against loss , theft , unauthorized use , disclosure , or modification ; and ( b ) to ensure the integrity of the personal information . To help us protect your privacy , you should maintain the secrecy of the logon ID and password you may have set up in connection with your participation in this Web site 's service . To access , review , rectify , or delete your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy , please contact us by clicking here and choosing the Other Category . All requests must include the following information : first name , last name , and e-mail address and " Privacy " in the Subject line . While BLP will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request , we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such access requests , if allowed or required by applicable laws . Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this Privacy Policy may involve the transfer of your personal information to various countries around the world that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country . By submitting your personal information , you consent to such transfers . BLP may provide links to third-party websites , including social networking websites . Since we do not control third-party sites and are not responsible for any information you may provide while on such sites , we encourage you to read the privacy policies on those websites before providing any of your information on such sites . If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us by clicking here and choosing the Other Category . Please include " Privacy " in the Subject line of your inquiry . If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by BLP to its affiliates and/or third parties for their direct marketing purposes . To make such a request , please send an email with your first name , last name , mailing address , email address and telephone number to privacy @ bloomberg.com . Please include California Privacy Rights in the Subject line of your email . You may also make such a request by writing to us at : Bloomberg L.P. Attn : Legal Department 731 Lexington Avenue New York , NY 10022 BLP reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions on this Web page . Such changes will be effective upon posting . 
Intermarkets Privacy Policy Revised : July 17 , 2013 Intermarkets , Inc. is an online advertising management services firm that offers advertisers opportunities to display their interactive ads on websites that are included within the Intermarkets Portfolio . Our services streamline the selection and delivery of interactive ads for advertisers and website publishers . We also provide targeted advertising services using non-personal information that is gathered across multiple , unaffiliated websites . Your privacy is important to us , and we are committed to protecting the personal information you choose to share with us . This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products , services , and websites offered by Intermarkets or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies . This Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use , protect , and share information when you are served an advertisement from when you use the Intermarkets website www.intermarkets.net or one of the website publishers that are included in our Portfolio ( collectively Site ) . For a current list of the websites within our Portfolio , please click here . This Privacy Policy also explains your choices for managing your information preferences . By using the Site , you consent to this Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that Intermarkets does not own , control , manage , or employ . Intermarkets uses ADTECH as its ad server . ADTECH 's privacy policy can be found here . We are committed to following the National Advertising Initiative 's ( NAI ) privacy principles . Personally Identifiable Information : We collect information that personally identifies you , such as your name , username , email address , credit card details , and other information as we may from time to time request at our discretion ( Personally Identifiable Information ) only if you choose to share such information with us . For example , you may be asked to provide us with certain Personally Identifiable Information when you register with or use our services , when you register with or use the Site , and at other times . The decision to provide this information is optional ; however , if you elect not to register with or provide such information , you may not be able to access certain content , features , or services available on or through the Site . We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Intermarkets service , such as service announcements , administrative messages , special promotions , and Intermarkets newsletters , which are considered part of your account , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them . Non-Personally Identifiable Information : We automatically collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information when you use the Site . Non-Personally Identifiable Information includes demographic information ( such as age , gender , city or state ) and a user 's click stream information . Click stream data is anonymous and can include information such as your IP address , Web pages viewed , the date and time at which those pages were viewed and interaction with content and advertisements on those Web pages . Technologies used to collect this click stream data include cookies and Web beacons . Intermarkets collects Non-Personally Identifiable Information and stores it in log files . We use this information to help us understand how people use our Site . For example , each time you use the Site we automatically collect the type of Web browser you use , your operating system , your ISP , which pages you view , and the time and duration of your visits to the Site . We may augment our click stream data with non-personally-identifiable behavioral and demographic data from third party Services Providers ( defined below ) to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on the pages of our Site and those of our Portfolio publishers . This anonymous data may include such things as zip code , age , gender , and income range . We utilize the non-personal information described above to better customize the sort of advertisements you see . This information also may be used to help measure and research an advertisement 's effectiveness , or for other purposes . We also aggregate anonymous cookie data in order to identify large audience segments that assist advertisers in targeting their campaigns to the most relevant Internet audience . The use and collection of information by our third-party advertising Service Providers is governed by the individual privacy policies of those providers . The majority of our advertising Service Providers are members of the NAI . You can obtain more information about these advertising service providers ' information collection practices , and opt out of such practices ( and at the same time opt out of the collection practices of other , or all , NAI members ) by following the opt out instructions on the NAI 's website at http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp Cookies and Web Beacons : We may use cookies ( a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer and browser ) , Web beacons ( an electronic file placed on a website that monitors usage ) , and other similar technologies to improve the quality of the Site and to better target and analyze consumer behavior with the goal of providing better and more relevant advertising . Our cookie does not include your name or anything personal to you . It simply tells us that we have encountered your computer at some prior point . Most Web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies . You can reset your Web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent . However , certain features of the Site may not work if you delete or disable cookies . Alternatively , you are always free to opt out of the cookies . Some of our Service Providers may use their own cookies and Web beacons in connection with the services they perform on our behalf . If you would like more information about these practices and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please click here . General : We use Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information for internal purposes only , such as to notify you of new products or services , to send service notifications , to customize the advertising and content you see , to fulfill your requests for products and services , to improve the Site , to conduct research , to solicit your feedback and input about the Site , and to provide more relevant and effective products , services , and advertisements on or through the Site . Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information may be combined with data collected from other sources so that we may further improve the relevance and effectiveness of products , services , and advertisements offered on or through the Site . We will not sell , share , or rent Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information to third parties , and we will not otherwise disclose Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information to third parties , without your permission , except as expressly disclosed in this Privacy Policy . Service Providers : Intermarkets may share Personally Identifiable Information with its service providers that help Intermarkets provide the services that you request ( Service Providers ) . For example , we may contract with Service Providers to provide certain services , such as credit card processing , advertising , analytics tools , data management services , Web hosting , and Web development . We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services , however , each Service Provider must agree to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information involved in order to protect your information from unauthorized access , destruction , use , modification or disclosure . Non-Personally Identifiable Information Only : We may use , and disclose to third parties , certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information regarding the Site ( e.g. , number of visits , page views , and the like ) without your permission . However , such information does not identify you individually . Other Transfers : We may share Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information with businesses controlling , controlled by , or under common control with Intermarkets . If Intermarkets is merged , acquired , or sold , or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets , we may disclose or transfer Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information in connection with such transaction . You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if , in our discretion , the new entity plans to handle your information in a way that differs materially from this Privacy Policy . Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement : Intermarkets cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law . Intermarkets reserves the right to disclose Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if , in our discretion , we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to respond to legal requests ( including court orders and subpoenas ) , to protect the safety , property or rights of Intermarkets or of any third party , to prevent or stop any illegal , unethical , or legally actionable activity , or to comply with the law . IF YOU DO NOT WANT INTERMARKETS TO SERVE ADVERTISING TO YOU USING OUR COOKIE , CLICK HERE TO REPLACE YOUR UNIQUE INTERMARKETS COOKIE WITH OPT-OUT COOKIES FROM AOL ADVERTISING AND LOTAME SOLUTIONS . YOU CAN ALSO OPT OUT OF RECEIVING COOKIES FROM OTHER MEMBERS OF THE NETWORK ADVERTISING INITIATIVE BY CLICKING HERE . This opt-out functionality is cookie-based . When you receive this cookie , Intermarkets ' systems will know that you have opted out and will not attempt to assign other Intermarkets cookies in the future . In order for the opt-out to work on your computer , your Web browser must be set to accept third-party cookies and the Intermarkets opt-out cookie must remain on your computer for us to recognize you as an opt-out user . If you buy a new computer , change Web browsers , or delete this cookie , you will need to perform the opt-out task again . In some cases , Intermarkets works with other third-party vendors to help deliver advertisements tailored to your interests . These vendors include ad networks and audience segment providers , and they place cookies on your browser to collect information about your online activity ( e.g. , the sites and pages you have visited ) in order to help advertisers deliver particular ads that they believe you would find most relevant . You can opt out of those vendors ' use of cookies to tailor advertising to you by visiting http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . PLEASE NOTE that if you erase or otherwise alter your browser 's cookie file ( including upgrading certain browsers ) you may need to opt out again . PLEASE NOTE that opting out of the ad-serving cookie does not mean that you will stop seeing either pop up advertising or banner ads embedded in websites . You can control many pop ups by using free software available on the Internet or by disabling JavaScript on your browser . Intermarkets has no control over the use or frequency of pop-up ads employed by website publishers or software manufacturers . Intermarkets does not keep data on its own servers ; instead the data is kept on the End User 's computer in the Intermarkets cookie . The data is stored in the cookie until the cookie is deleted by the End User . End Users can delete the cookie at any time , as explained in this Privacy Policy . The Site may contain links to websites or content operated and maintained by third parties . Intermarkets does not control those sites or their privacy practices , which may differ from our practices . If you click on a link or an advertisement , the privacy policy of the website to which you link will govern the collection and use of your information by that website 's operator ( s ) . You access such third-party websites or content at your own risk . You should always read the privacy policy of a third-party website before disclosing any information to the website . For more information , please click here . These terms refer to applications that are downloaded to your computer . These types of applications deliver ads ( usually in the form of pop-up type ads ) based on your web usage . We do not participate in any way with spyware or adware applications , and we do not download these types ( or any types ) of applications without your expressed acceptance . Cookies and .swf files are not spyware or adware , and they are not harmful to your computer . Please be advised that , whenever you voluntarily post information to any Intermarkets community page or any other public forums , such information can and may be accessed by the public . This means that any person or entity with access to such information can potentially use it for any purpose , including sending unsolicited communications . We recognize the importance of safeguarding the confidentiality of your information . Accordingly , we employ standard security measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access . However , no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . Therefore , while we strive to protect any information you transmit on or through the Site , please be advised that Intermarkets assumes no responsibility or liability for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission , unauthorized third-party access , or other causes beyond Intermarkets ' reasonable control . We process and store all information in the United States . By using our Site , you agree that the collection , use , transfer , and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States . The Intermarkets Site is directed to , and intended for use by , adults only . We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 . If we become aware that we have inadvertently received information from a child under the age of 13 , we will delete such information from our records . Because we do not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13 , we also do not knowingly distribute such information to third parties . Intermarkets may update this Privacy Policy from time to time , and so you should review this Policy periodically . If we decide to change this Privacy Policy , we will inform you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Site . Those changes will go into effect on the Revision Date shown at the top of the revised Privacy Policy . Your continued use of the Site constitutes your consent to the revised Privacy Policy . When you use the Intermarkets website , you are accepting the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy , and Intermarkets will have the right to use your information as described in this Privacy Policy . If you do not agree to have your information used in any of the ways described in this Privacy Policy , you must discontinue use of the Intermarkets website . You can also access , correct , or change your Personally Identifiable Information , or opt out of our direct marketing efforts , by sending an email to info @ intermarkets.net . Once a request to opt out has been received , Intermarkets will send a confirming email message to the user that the user 's Personally Identifiable Information has been successfully opted out of Intermarkets ' database . If you do not receive this confirmatory email , then please contact us to ensure that your request was received and processed . If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy , please email us at info @ intermarkets.net or send us a letter at Intermarkets , Inc. , Attention : Privacy , 11911 Freedom Drive , Suite 1140 , Reston , VA 20190 . For the privacy policies for each of our Portfolio publishers , please visit their sites . Links to our Portfolio publishers ' websites are located in our Media Kit . 
AccuWeather wants to assure that visitors to and users of AccuWeather sites , including the wired sites , the mobile sites , and applications whether using or not using the http : //www.accuweather.com/ sites ( jointly and severally referred as the AccuWeather Sites ) , are provided with appropriate information and choice mechanisms to make and implement informed decisions on using the AccuWeather Sites , including but not limited to providing Personally Identifiable Information ( 'PII ' ) . Your use of the AccuWeather sites indicates your consent and acknowledgement to the practices described in this Privacy Statement . We want you to know that AccuWeather is committed to safeguarding your privacy online . As AccuWeather expands its offerings and as technology evolves , we may , from time to time , update our privacy practices to address these . Please check this page on a regular basis for updates to this Privacy Statement . THE ACCUWEATHER SITES , AND THE PRODUCTS , SERVICES AND ADVERTISING MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THESE SITES , MAY NOT BE APPROPRIATE FOR USE BY CHILDREN . We collect information on the AccuWeather Sites during the registration process and through your use of the AccuWeather Sites for business purposes that will allow us to better and more efficiently serve you . Our personalization , interactive communications , online commerce and other types of services , allow us to deliver better service and content that is relevant to our user base . Some uses AccuWeather makes of this information are processing and verifying subscriptions , billing , and providing you with up-to-date information on the newest AccuWeather products . Third parties , providers , advertisers and vendors ( hereinafter " Providers " ) may be utilized by AccuWeather in conjunction with the operation of the AccuWeather Sites and the products , services , and advertising related to them . These Providers may also collect information . - You may be asked to provide information that personally identifies you or allows AccuWeather and/or its Providers to contact you . Generally this information is requested when you are asked to register for fee-based services , although some free products and services may also request or require registration . You may be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name , address , and email address ( collectively ' Personally Identifiable Information ' or ' PII ' ) , as well as select a username and password ( if one is not selected for you by AccuWeather ) . You may be asked for information which is no considered PII , such as a zip/postal code and/or country of origin . As a registered subscriber or user , you may be able to download software , enter contests , order e-mail newsletters or participate in additional services . In addition to the PII obtained at registration , you may be asked for information at other times , such as when you make a purchase or register for a service on or through the AccuWeather Sites , when you submit a listing for a web site , or when you report a problem with one of our sites or services . However , whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example on message boards , through email , or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others . In addition to the information that you may proactively provide or voluntarily disclose , your mere use of the AccuWeather Sites may result in the assignment of unique identifying numbers and/or codes which may be used to allow AccuWeather and its Providers and others who assist AccuWeather in the support of the AccuWeather Sites and the products and services offered on the AccuWeather Sites , including advertisers , to track a user 's web browsing movements across the internet and not just on the AccuWeather sites . This type of information is considered User Data ( as defined below ) . By using the AccuWeather Sites , you acknowledge and consent to such activity . To provide location-based services , AccuWeather and its partners and licensees utilize certain geographic tracking technologies that may collect , use , and/or share precise location data ( such as GPS signals sent by a mobile device ) or information that can be used to approximate a location ( such as a cell ID ) , including the real-time geographic location of your computer or mobile device . This location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you and is used by AccuWeather and its partners and licensees to provide and improve location-based products and services . By accepting AccuWeather 's Privacy Statement and/or by using AccuWeather 's products and/or services , you consent to use by AccuWeather and its Providers , partners and licensees of such geographic tracking technologies . - If you contact AccuWeather we may keep a record of that correspondence , and may further prompt you for further information , depending on the nature of the contact . We may also occasionally ask that you voluntarily participate in certain promotions , surveys or contests ( 'Special Programs ' ) , or enable automatic entry into such Special Programs via log-on entries . At such times , AccuWeather may disclose your PII to sponsors of the Special Program , and we may or may not describe this to you prior to transferring the data . Special Programs may also be subject to additional or different terms , or may be shared or used in a slightly different way . If different terms do apply , details of the specific terms and conditions or rules for these Special Programs may or may not be provided by posting to the AccuWeather Sites or upon registration for the Special Program , on a case-by-case basis , subject to AccuWeather 's terms For Sharing PII. - To the extent unique information , which is not in itself PII , such as personal profile , anonymous identifier ( s ) , demographic information , behavioral information , browser identifiers , session information , device type , carrier provider , unique device ID , UUID/UDID , carrier user ID , web sites visited , IP address and traffic data , is associated with PII , then such unique information shall NOT be considered PII , but shall be considered User Data . Additionally , PII does NOT include information that is collected anonymously ( i.e. without identification of the individual user ) or demographic or behavioral information that is not connected to or correlated with an identified individual . It 's important for us to know our users . We deliver valuable products and services , We are able to accomplish this through the use of Providers , such as advertisers , to produce the income we need to operate the free areas of the AccuWeather Sites . Providers are like most businesses in that they want something in return for the money they spend advertising on the AccuWeather Sites . They may want to know how many people will see their ad , and how often . The advertising companies may use information ( including or not including PII ) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . These companies may also employ , among other things , Cookies , Web Beacons , Flash Shared Objects , HTML5 Local Storage and/or HTML5 Mini Databases in furtherance of their services to AccuWeather . To make the AccuWeather Sites more valuable to our customers and our visitors , we may offer some products , services or features in conjunction with Providers . Many wireless products , for example , may be made available through cooperative arrangements with Providers who offer specialized products , information or services that work well with AccuWeather Sites , products and services . In some instances , our Providers may have the same access to your PII as we do . Their use of the information will be subject to the terms of their respective privacy policies or statements , which you may find on their websites . - We use third-party companies to serve ads when you visit the AccuWeather Site ( s ) , including Microsoft . These companies may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here : ( http : //www.aboutads.info/choices ) or here : ( http : //networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp ) ; or for Microsoft advertising , click here : ( https : //choice.live.com/AdvertisementChoice/ ) . You may also go to the sites and policies of our Providers to find out more about technologies utilized by them in the course of providing services to the AccuWeather Sites . Occasionally , you may seek access to certain products and/or services on the AccuWeather Sites that are only available through third parties , either through their own web sites or on web sites hosted by or linked to the AccuWeather Sties . When ordering , registering for or purchasing products or services from these Providers , you may at times be entering into an agreement with that Provider , and not with AccuWeather , and supplemental Provider Terms may apply . You should read and understand the Providers ' terms of use and policies before using their site or entering into agreements with them , since they may differ substantially from this Privacy Statement and other applicable AccuWeather terms and conditions . AccuWeather is not responsible for and does not endorse or accept any responsibility over the contents or use of the Provider sites , products and/or services and is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked or hosted site . You should contact our Providers directly should you have any questions or concerns relating to the terms of use and privacy policies of our Providers ' web sites . We may provide information and contact information about our Providers in this policy or on the AccuWeather Sites , but we take no responsibility to have a complete list of these nor to ensure that the contact information is correct or accurate . The information is provided for convenience only , but it is your responsibility to seek out and contact such entities . The AccuWeather Sites may be designed to utilize Online Behavioral Advertising , data collection and use practices ( OBA ) . This means that certain information regarding your internet viewing behaviors or practices , over periods of time and perhaps involving websites or applications which are not the AccuWeather Sites , may be used for the purpose of choosing advertising to display to you . If you desire to " opt-out " of this OBA process , you can use the link at http : //www.aboutads.info/choices to do so . This hyperlink and process is the recommended tool for such " opt-out " provisions of the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles of Online Behavioral Advertising , to which AccuWeather endeavors to adhere to , as a member of the Interactive Advertising Bureau . Some or all of the AccuWeather Sites make use of Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting . The AccuWeather Sites may also make use of other Google Analytics for Display Advertising features , including Remarketing , Google Display Network Impression Reporting and/or the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration . We are required by Google to disclose the following information to you in our Privacy Statement in connection with our use of any Google Analytics for Display Advertising features on the AccuWeather Sites : You may opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising or customize Google Display Network ads by using the Google Ads Settings page . You may also prevent your data from being collected and used by Google Analytics by opting out through the use of the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on . If the AccuWeather Sites make use of the Google Analytics for Display Advertising Remarketing feature , AccuWeather will use such Remarketing feature to advertise online and third party vendors , including Google , may show AccuWeather ads on sites across the Internet . AccuWeather and third party vendors , including Google , may use first-party cookies ( such as the Google Analytics cookies ) and third party cookies ( such as the DoubleClick cookie ) together to ( a ) inform , optimize and serve ads based on a user 's past visits to the AccuWeather Sites , and/or ( b ) report how your ad impressions , other uses of ad services , and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to the AccuWeather Sites . Data from Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting may be utilized by AccuWeather to help recognize and understand user preferences , to make improvements to the AccuWeather Sites , to choose content and advertising to display to you , and for other business purposes that will allow AccuWeather to better serve you . The AccuWeather Sites may be designed to utilize cookies for optimal user performance . Cookies and other types of identifiers may also be included for purposes of collecting anonymous traffic data ( e.g. how many people come to the AccuWeather Site ( s ) , how often , etc. ) . Such cookies or identifiers may be placed by us or by third parties who perform services for us . Please check the Help menu in your Internet browser for information regarding how to manage your cookie preferences ( or if you are using a mobile device , check the Settings for your browser or device ) . Some examples of where cookie preferences may be found and managed in your Internet browser ( as of the version date of this document ) are as follows : Settings/Show advanced settings/Privacy/Content settings ' ( Google Chrome 25 PC ) ; Tools/Options/Privacy ' ( Mozilla Firefox 15 PC ) ; Safari/Preferences/Privacy ' ( Safari Mac ) ; ' Tools/Internet Options/Privacy/Advanced ' ( Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 PC ) ; or ' Edit/Preferences/Receiving Files/Cookies ' ( Microsoft Internet Explorer 5 Mac ) . Generally speaking , you may modify browser preferences to accept all cookies , be notified when a cookie is set , or to reject all cookies . If you choose to reject all cookies , you may be unable to use many of AccuWeather 's products and services . Some sections of the AccuWeather Sites may require that you log on in order to continue to use specific goods or services offered through our network , because we do not want cookies to replace security measures that you would otherwise take for yourself , your PII and your data . Some of these services include certain software applications and fee-based services , and some Internet activities that require more than an IP Address to continue . Web beacons may also be found on the AccuWeather Sites Web beacons are used to monitor user navigation to tailor the AccuWeather Sites to our subscribers or users ' preferences and enhance the site 's offerings . For a thorough description of web beacons and their uses , please click here . The AccuWeather Sites may utilize Flash Shared Objects , HTML5 Local Storage and/or HTML5 Mini Databases in conjunction with the use of the sites and the targeting of advertising to the users of the AccuWeather Sites . Many hand held mobile devices use these technologies in conjunction with the mobile browsers on the devices . Many mobile devices use these technologies which allow for the storage of information on the mobile devices and , in effect , allow the enhancement of internet browsing as well as other uses including but not limited to targeting advertisements . The Flash Shared Objects , HTML5 Local Storage and HTML5 Mini Databases also allow the device to track a user 's web browsing movements across the internet and not just on one particular website . AccuWeather and its providers may utilize one or more of these technologies and others on the AccuWeather Sites . Anytime a credit card is requested for processing orders through the AccuWeather Sites , the user transaction containing the credit card information may be encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology . SSL provides strong encryption to all digital information as it crosses the Internet . While on a secure page , such as on order forms , the lock button on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked , as opposed to unlocked or open when you are just surfing or in other areas of the Site . To learn more about SSL , click here . AccuWeather does not intend to collect any personally identifiable information from children through our websites . Please do not allow children under the age of 18 to provide any personally identifiable information , ask questions or participate in chat rooms related to our websites . If we are notified that a child under 18 has provided personal information , we will delete that information as soon as reasonably possible . If you become aware that a child under 18 has provided such information , please send us a detailed email at customerservice @ accuweather.com so we can delete this information . It may be necessary for AccuWeather , its employees , contractors or Providers working on behalf of AccuWeather to access the Site using your subscriber information to provide you with support or to perform certain maintenance tasks . This access happens on an as-needed basis only . When you access or install a new product or service , you may be asked to register electronically . Your registration information will be merged with any information you have already provided ( 'Profile ' ) . If you have not previously registered within the AccuWeather Sites , a Profile may be created for you from your product registration information . If you have not already registered by giving us your PII , you will be asked to do so to ensure that only you can access the product or services . Upon satisfactory completion of your registration information , AccuWeather authorizes users to access and use the AccuWeather Sites and its products and services subject to the Terms and Conditions on the AccuWeather.com website ( or if different , the AccuWeather terms and conditions applicable to the particular product or service you are using ) and this Privacy Statement . User shall maintain the confidentiality of any user name and password . If there is a breach of the confidentiality of a password or user name assigned to user , or any breach of security through user 's account , then user shall so notify AccuWeather 's customer assistance center immediately by contacting AccuWeather at customerservice @ accuweather.com . - In special circumstances , AccuWeather may opt to access or disclose PII when there is reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms and Conditions on the AccuWeather.com website , this Privacy Statement , any applicable End User License Agreement , Provider or Subscription Terms or other applicable terms , or when there is reason to believe an individual may be violating the law or causing injury to or interference with ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) AccuWeather 's rights or property , other AccuWeather Site users , or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities . AccuWeather may then opt to disclose or access PII in good faith in circumstances where the law requires it , and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain , service , and improve the AccuWeather Sites and our products and services . AccuWeather may also be requested to disclose PII to law enforcement authorities or as may be required by court-ordered subpoena . - From time to time , we may share data regarding the users of the AccuWeather Sites and the use of our services ( for example , 10 % of our users are within a certain specialty industry , or users who choose one type of service request a related or similar service 38 % of the time , etc. ) , and we may also combine a user 's use and purchasing habits through the AccuWeather Sites and our providers ' sites to create a personalized user profile so we can tailor the AccuWeather Sites to our users ' preferences and enhance the site 's offerings ( hereinafter ' User Data ' ) . There may also be other instances where AccuWeather has determined that sharing User Data with third parties would maximize AccuWeather 's ability to better serve users . Should this occur , no PII will be included in these types of statistics . - Since we use Providers to ship products or perform customized products and/or services offered or accessed through the AccuWeather Sites or our Providers ' sites , and a credit card processing company to bill some users for goods and services , we may need to disclose PII to complete certain business transactions . Users may also require that we bill for services via invoicing , purchase order , or through Providers , such as mobile/wireless carriers or internet storefronts . Under these circumstances , we may be required to share the user 's PII to obtain a credit report with a reporting agency or to complete the order processing to serve the user . We may request that these Providers do not retain , share , store or use PII for any secondary purposes . - AccuWeather is in the business of providing and hosting weather information products , services , and other related products and services as a service to our users . As such , User Data is also considered , a ' customer list ' , and as such , is a valuable asset to any company subject to legal protection and regulation under federal and state laws as a property interest . Accordingly , User Data will be subject to all customary rights and protections afforded to property owners under these laws . Such rights customarily include the right to transfer the information during the sale of assets to or merger with third parties , and to routinely share such information with affiliates of AccuWeather . - Excepting PII collected during the purchasing or registration process , User Data may be used by AccuWeather or Providers to , among other things , retrieve or create the product or service that you have requested or for such business purposes as AccuWeather and/or its providers may determine in their sole discretion , without resort to a reasonableness standard . Please be advised that this User Data may be stored by AccuWeather or its Providers as ' preferences ' or otherwise and used without restriction . Further , all information submitted is and becomes the exclusive property of AccuWeather and by submitting material to AccuWeather , you accept responsibility for its accuracy , appropriateness and legality . Other than as set out above , you may receive notice when PII might go to third parties , and within such notice you may find the information about your opportunity to choose not to share the PII. - If for some reason you believe that AccuWeather has not adhered to these stated principles , please notify us at customerservice @ accuweather.com , and we will work to determine the issue and correct the problem . Your concerns should be detailed in a communication including enough identifying information to permit someone to contact you , in case further information is required to troubleshoot your concerns . Be certain the words ' AccuWeather Privacy Statement ' are included in the Subject line . Further resolution of your concerns will be governed by the terms and conditions applicable to the AccuWeather Sites . Version date : October 17th , 2013 
Privacy Policy TRUSTe online privacy certification Last Modified : December 30 , 2013 This privacy policy describes the treatment of information provided or collected on the sites where this privacy policy is posted . It also explains the treatment of information provided or collected on applications we make available on third-party sites or platforms if disclosed to you in connection with use of the application . We follow this privacy policy in accordance with local law in the places where we operate . Types of Information We Collect How We Collect Your Information Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies Sharing Your Information with Other Companies Your Controls and Choices Children 's Privacy Data Security and Integrity Data Transfers , Storage and Processing Globally Changes to this Privacy Policy Comments and Questions We collect two basic types of information - personal information and anonymous information - and we may use personal and anonymous information to create a third type of information , aggregate information . We collect the following categories of information :  Registration information you provide when you create an account , including your first name and surname , country of residence , gender , date of birth , email address , username and password Transaction information you provide when you request information or purchase a product or service from us , whether on our sites or through our applications , including your postal address , telephone number and payment information Information you provide in public forums on our sites and applications Information sent either one-to-one or within a limited group using our message , chat , post or similar functionality , where we are permitted by law to collect this information Information you provide to us when you use our sites and applications , our applications on third-party sites or platforms such as social networking sites , or link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account Location information when you visit our sites or use our applications , including location information either provided by a mobile device interacting with one of our sites or applications , or associated with your IP address , where we are permitted by law to process this information Usage , viewing and technical data , including your device identifier or IP address , when you visit our sites , use our applications on third-party sites or platforms or open emails we send back to top of page We collect information you provide to us when you request products , services or information from us , register with us , participate in public forums or other activities on our sites and applications , respond to customer surveys , or otherwise interact with us . Please keep in mind that when you provide information to us on a third-party site or platform ( for example , via our applications ) , the information you provide may be separately collected by the third-party site or platform . The information we collect is covered by this privacy policy and the information the third-party site or platform collects is subject to the third-party site or platform 's privacy practices . Privacy choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our applications . We collect information through technology , such as cookies , Flash cookies and Web beacons , including when you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms . Please visit Online Tracking and Advertising for further information , including Do Not Track and how to disable cookies . We acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically . Local law may require that you authorize the third party to share your information with us before we can acquire it . back to top of page A member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies , which includes many different brands , will be the data controller for your information . The relevant data controller ( s ) can be determined here . Other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may have access to your information where they perform services on behalf of the data controller ( s ) ( as a data processor ) and , unless prohibited under applicable law , for use on their own behalf ( as a data controller ) for the following purposes :  Provide you with the products and services you request Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information about features on our sites and applications or changes to our policies Consistent with local law and choices and controls that may be available to you : Send you offers and promotions for our products and services or third-party products and services Personalize content and experiences on our sites and applications Provide you with advertising based on your activity on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications . To learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking , please visit Online Tracking and Advertising . Optimize or improve our products , services and operations Detect , investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal back to top of page We will not share your personal information outside The Walt Disney Family of Companies except in limited circumstances , including : When you allow us to share your personal information with another company , such as : Electing to share your personal information with carefully selected companies so that they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services Directing us to share your personal information with third-party sites or platforms , such as social networking sites Please note that once we share your personal information with another company , the information received by the other company becomes subject to the other company 's privacy practices . When we cooperate with financial institutions to offer co-branded products or services to you , such as our co-branded Disney Rewards Visa Card ; however , we will do so only if permitted by applicable law and , in these cases , the financial institutions are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those related to the co-branded products or services When companies perform services on our behalf , like package delivery and customer service ; however , these companies are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law When we share personal information with third parties in connection with the sale of a business , to enforce our Terms of Use or rules , to ensure the safety and security of our guests and third parties , to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our guests and third parties , to comply with legal process or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law back to top of page We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection , use and sharing of your information . In accordance with local law , your controls and choices may include :  You may correct , update and delete your registration account You may change your choices for subscriptions , newsletters and alerts You may choose whether to receive from us offers and promotions for our products and services , or products and services that we think may be of interest to you You may choose whether we share your personal information with other companies so they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services You may choose whether to receive targeted advertising from many ad networks , data exchanges , marketing analytics and other service providers here You may request access to the personal information we hold about you and that we amend or delete it and we request third parties with whom we have shared the information do the same You may exercise your controls and choices , or request access to your personal information , by visiting Communication Choices , contacting Guest Services , or following instructions provided in communications sent to you . Please be aware that , if you do not allow us to collect personal information from you , we may not be able to deliver certain products and services to you , and some of our services may not be able to take account of your interests and preferences . If you have questions regarding the specific personal information about you that we process or retain , please contact Guest Services . back to top of page We recognize the need to provide further privacy protections with respect to personal information we may collect from children on our sites and applications . Some of the features on our sites and applications are age-gated so that they are not available for use by children , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children in connection with those features . When we intend to collect personal information from children , we take additional steps to protect children 's privacy , including :  Notifying parents about our information practices with regard to children , including the types of personal information we may collect from children , the uses to which we may put that information , and whether and with whom we may share that information In accordance with applicable law , obtaining consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their children , or for sending information about our products and services directly to their children Limiting our collection of personal information from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to participate in an online activity Giving parents access or the ability to request access to personal information we have collected from their children and the ability to request that the personal information be changed or deleted For additional information about our practices in the United States and Latin America regarding children 's personal information , please read our Children 's Privacy Policy . back to top of page The security , integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us . We have implemented technical , administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect guest information from unauthorized access , disclosure , use and modification . From time to time , we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods . Please be aware though that , despite our best efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable . back to top of page We operate globally and may transfer your personal information to individual companies of The Walt Disney Family of Companies or third parties in locations around the world for the purposes described in this privacy policy . Wherever your personal information is transferred , stored or processed by us , we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information . Additionally , when using or disclosing personal information transferred from the European Union , we abide by the Safe Harbor Principles as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce , use standard contract clauses approved by the European Commission , adopt other means under European Union law for ensuring adequate safeguards , or obtain your consent . We also apply the substantive requirements of the Safe Harbor Principles when transferring personal information from Australia . back to top of page From time to time , we may change this privacy policy to accommodate new technologies , industry practices , regulatory requirements or for other purposes . We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and , where required by applicable law , we will obtain your consent . back to top of page If you have a comment or question about this privacy policy , please contact Guest Services . Our sites and applications may contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites . We encourage you to be aware when you leave our sites or applications and to read the privacy policies of other sites that may collect your personal information . Notice to California Residents : If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . With respect to these entities , this privacy policy applies only to their activities within the State of California . To make such a request , please send an email to caprivacy.wdig @ twdc.com or write us :  CA Privacy Rights Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 In your request , please specify the member of The Walt Disney Family of companies to which your request pertains . If no member is specified , we will treat your request as pertaining to Disney Online . back to top of page Definitions Aggregate Information . Aggregate information means information about groups or categories of guests , which does not identify and can not reasonably be used to identify an individual guest . back to top of page Anonymous Information . Anonymous information means information that does not directly or indirectly identify , and can not reasonably be used to identify , an individual guest . back to top of page Application . Application means a program or service operated by us ( or on our behalf ) that may be displayed on various online , mobile or other platforms and environments , including those operated by third parties , which permits us to interact directly with our guests . back to top of page Children . Children means individuals who we have identified are not of legal age to consent to the collection and processing of their personal information . In the United States and Latin America , the term children refers to individuals under 13 years of age . back to top of page Data Controller . The data controller is the subsidiary or affiliated entity of The Walt Disney Company that is responsible for the personal information collected from sites and applications , as follows :  Sites and Applications Company Contact Information Disney Club Penguin ( Club Penguin ) Disney Canada Inc. ( formerly known as Disney Online Studios Canada Inc. )  Club Penguin c/o Disney Online Studios Canada Inc. 1628 Dickson Avenue , Suite 500 Kelowna , British Columbia V1Y 9X1 CANADA support @ clubpenguin.com Disney Movies Online Disney Online , Buena Vista Home Entertainment , Inc . Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 United States of America Guest Services Disney Studio All Access Disney Movie Rewards Disney Online , Buena Vista Home Entertainment , Inc. , Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 United States of America Guest Services All other sites and applications Disney Online Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 United States of America Guest Services back to top of page Data Processor . A data processor is a person or entity that processes personal information on behalf of a data controller ( or data controllers ) and is permitted to perform data processing only as directed by the data controller ( s ) . back to top of page IP Address . An IP address is associated with the access point through which you enter the Internet , and is typically controlled by your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , your company , or your university . We may use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our sites and applications , and we may combine IP addresses with personal information . back to top of page Member . Member means a subsidiary or affiliated entity that is part of The Walt Disney Family of Companies . back to top of page Notice . Notice may be by email to you at the last email address you provided us , by posting notice of such changes on our sites and applications , or by other means , consistent with applicable law . back to top of page Parents . Parents means a parent or legal guardian . back to top of page Personal information . Personal information means information that identifies ( whether directly or indirectly ) a particular individual , such as the individual 's name , postal address , email address and telephone number . When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information , this anonymous information also is treated as personal information . back to top of page Public Forums . Our sites and applications may offer message boards , conversation pages , blogs , chat rooms , social community environments , profile pages , and other forums that do not have a restricted audience . If you provide personal information when you use any of these features , that personal information may be publicly posted and otherwise disclosed without limitation as to its use by us or by a third party . To request removal of your personal information from a public forum on one of our sites or applications , please contact Guest Services . back to top of page The Walt Disney Family of Companies . The Walt Disney Family of Companies refers to The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiary and affiliated entities , which offer their products and services under various brand names . These companies engage in a number of businesses , including theme parks and travel , motion pictures and television , publishing , consumer products and interactive services . The Walt Disney Company brands include , among others , the following :  ABC Babble Baby Einstein BabyZone Club Penguin Disney Disney Pixar ESPN Hollywood Records Indiana Jones Lucasfilm Marvel Muppets Playdom Spoonful Star Wars Tapulous Touchstone back to top of page Guest Services Contact Information United States of America :  Guest Services Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 United States of America Guest Services For questions related to children 's privacy , you may also telephone Guest Services at ( 877 ) 466-6669 . 
Tribune Company is a diverse multimedia company and , together with its Affiliates , operates daily newspapers , television stations , a digital broadcast program network , and news , entertainment , and information websites . In this Privacy Policy , Affiliates refers to our subsidiaries and entities that Tribune or its subsidiaries operate or have an ownership interest in . This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect through the websites , mobile applications , electronic devices , kiosks , and all other interactive services whereby data is transmitted ( hereinafter the Services ) operated by Tribune Company and its subsidiaries ( collectively we or us ) regardless of how you access the Services , unless such website , mobile application , electronic device , kiosk , or other interactive service has a separate Privacy Policy specific to such website , application , device , kiosk , or interactive service . The Policy describes :  The information we collect and how we collect it ; What we do with the information we collect ; Information sharing and disclosure ; How you can access and update your information ; How we protect information ; Linked sites and advertisements ; Users from outside the United States ; Children ; How to contact us ; Your California privacy rights ; No rights of third parties ; and Changes to this policy . How we collect and store information depends on the websites you visit , the activities in which you participate and the Services you use . You can use some of the Services without providing any information other than that automatically collected as described below . We may collect information about you during your use of the Services , including your name , username , password , email address , postal address , phone number , mobile phone number , payment information , gender , birth year , and information you provide or post on our Services or allow us to access when you do certain things , such as :  Enter registration information for one or more of our Services ; Enter a sweepstakes or contest or register for a promotion ; Participate in voting or polling activities ; Make a purchase ; Request certain features ( e.g. , newsletters , updates , and other products ) ; Sign up to receive SMS ( text message ) notifications ; Download or use one of our mobile applications ; Connect with the Services or otherwise allow us to access certain information about you via a social networking site ( SNS ) ; or Post user-generated content to or on any of our Services . We may collect and store your user ID associated with a SNS account that you use to sign in to your Tribune account or connect or use with the Services . When you sign in to your Tribune account or mobile application with your SNS account information or otherwise connect to your SNS account with the Services , you authorize Tribune to collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to Tribune through the SNS interface , including without limitation any information that you have made public in connection with your SNS account , information that the SNS shares with us , or information that is disclosed as being shared during the sign-in process . We may also combine information that we collect from you with information we obtain about you from third parties and Affiliates and information derived from any other subscription , product , or service we provide . Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online . Should you choose to voluntarily disclose information through the Services , such as via SNSs , on message boards , chat areas or in advertising or notices you post , that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties . When you use the Services , we use persistent and session cookies and other tracking technologies to : ( a ) store your username and password ; ( b ) analyze the usage of our sites and Services ; ( c ) customize the Services to your preferences ; and ( d ) control the advertising displayed by the Services . We may also use other Internet technologies , such as Flash technologies , Web beacons or pixel tags , and other similar technologies , to deliver or communicate with cookies and track your use of the Services ( including to serve you ads when you are on other websites or the Internet when we can access those cookies ) . We also may include Web beacons in e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether the message has been opened . As we adopt additional technology , we may also gather additional information through other methods . We use these automated technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information we consider to be non-personal information , including : ( a ) information related to the devices you use to access or interact with our services , such as : IP addresses , geolocation information ( as described further below ) , unique device identifiers and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device ( s ) , browser types , browser language ; and ( b ) information related to the ways in which you interact with the Services , such as : referring and exit pages and URLs , platform type , the number of clicks , domain names , landing pages , pages viewed and the order of those pages , the amount of time spent on particular pages , the date and time you used the Services , and other similar information . We may also capture other data , such as search criteria and results . In some cases , we will associate this information with a unique Tribune identifier ( that can not be used by itself to identify you ) for our internal use , in which case your Tribune identifier will be considered Tribune information and nothing in this Privacy Policy restricts how Tribune may use this information . Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browser 's toolbar . If you choose to decline cookies , please note that you may not be able to sign in , customize , or use some of the interactive features of the Services . Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies , and cookie management tools available in a web browser will not remove flash cookies . To learn more about how to manage flash cookies , you can visit the Adobe website and make changes at the Global Privacy Settings Panel . Third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised via the Services may also place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer , mobile phone , or other device to collect non-personal information about your use of the Services . We also allow other third parties ( e.g. , ad networks and ad servers ) to serve tailored ads to you on the Services , and to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer , mobile phone , or other device you use to access the Services . We neither have access to , nor does this Policy govern , the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer , mobile phone , or other device you use to access the Services by non-affiliated , third-party ad technology , ad servers , ad networks or any other non-affiliated third parties . Those parties that use these technologies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting as described below . You may receive tailored advertising on your computer through a web browser . If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising , you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative 's website and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance 's website . You also can control advertising cookies from Google , by using its Ads Preference Manager . Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Services , you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out of tailored advertising . When using a mobile application you may receive tailored in-application advertisements . Each operating system , iOS for Apple phones , Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements . You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements . For any other devices and/or operating systems , please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform operator . We may collect different types of information about your location , including general information ( e.g. , IP address , zip code ) and more specific information ( e.g. , GPS-based functionality on mobile devices used to access the Services ) , and may use that information to customize the Services with location-based information , advertising , and features . For example , if you provide a zip code that indicates that you live in Chicago , the Services may be customized with Chicago-specific information and advertisements . In order to do this , your location information may be passed along to our Affiliates , agents , vendors or advertisers . If you access the Services through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location-tracking information , you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device , provided your device allows you to do this . See your device manufacturer 's instructions for further details . We use the information that we collect for the following purposes : For the purposes for which you provided it ; To send you information about your relationship or transactions with us ; To send you alerts or other communications via SMS messages or other media or networks ; To notify you about new features of the Services , special events , or products , services , and special offers ; To administer sweepstakes and contests ; To process and respond to your inquiries ; To contact you with information that we believe will be of interest to you ; To attribute content that you make available through the Services ; To generate and review reports and data about our user base and Service usage patterns ; To analyze the accuracy , effectiveness , usability , or popularity of the Services ; To improve the content and features of the Services or develop new Services ; To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you see on the Services ; To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Services ; and To administer and troubleshoot the Services . The Services are supported by advertising revenue . We will send you commercial email on behalf of ourselves , our Affiliates , and advertisers . Each such email we send you will have an opt-out that you can use to stop receiving such communications . We may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected by the Services or via other means so that the information does not identify you . Our use and disclosure of aggregated , anonymized , and other non-personal information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy , and we may disclose it to others without limitation for any purpose . We will make your information available to other companies , websites , applications or people in the circumstances described below : We may rent , sell , or share your information with non-affiliated third parties : ( a ) in order to provide services or products that you have requested ; ( b ) when we have your permission ; or ( c ) as described in this Privacy Policy . We may share your information with any Affiliate or agent of Tribune Company in order to provide the Services or advertising or to communicate with you on our behalf . When you sign up to participate in a contest or sweepstakes , your information may also be provided to our sweepstakes or contest advertisers , operators , or sponsors and the use of that information will be also governed by those advertisers ' , operators ' , or sponsors ' privacy policies or practices . We may disclose your information in response to any subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process we receive , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or to defend against legal claims . We may share your information with third-party advertisers and advertising networks or others with which we have a contractual relationship . We may disclose your information when we believe it appropriate in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding possible illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of the Terms of Service for the Services you accessed , and/or to protect our rights and property . As we continue to develop our business , we may sell , buy , merge or partner with other companies or businesses . In such transactions , user information may be among the transferred assets . To ensure that you have some control over the information we have about you , you may review and update certain user profile information by logging in to the relevant portions of the Services where such information may be updated ( may be available on some Services and not others ) or by contacting us at privacy @ tribune.com . We have implemented reasonable administrative , technical , and physical security measures to protect against the unauthorized access , destruction or alteration of your information . Despite our best efforts , however , no security measures are completely impenetrable . The Services may contain links to third-party websites . We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those third-party websites . We have relationships with third-party providers to provide content , products , services , and functionality through the Services . When you visit sites or use any Services provided in conjunction with one or more of these third-party providers and the brands of those providers appear on the site or Services in connection with such content , products , services , or functionality , we may share any information you provide or that is collected during your use of those Services with those providers . In some cases , the provider may collect information from you directly , in which case the provider 's privacy policy ( which may differ from this Privacy Policy ) would apply . If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of any of our providers , you should contact the provider directly for more information . The Services are hosted in the United States and are governed by United States law . If you are using the Services from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our databases are operated . The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country . By using the Services , you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in our Privacy Policy . The Services are not intended for persons under the age of 13 . We require that only persons 13 years of age or older use the Services . By using the Services , you hereby represent that you are at least 13 years old . Some third parties , such as platform providers like the iTunes Store or Google Play may provide age-based ratings on some of the Services . These ratings shall have no bearing on this limitation . Third parties may also provide content categories on some of the Services . These categories shall have no bearing on this limitation . If you have any questions , comments , or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please send an email to privacy @ tribune.com . California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year , free of charge , a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information ( if any ) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year , as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties . If you are a California resident and would like to request this information , please submit your request in an email to privacy @ tribune.com . This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties . Tribune Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time . Please check this page periodically for changes . Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this policy will mean you accept those changes . If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy , we will post the updated Privacy Policy here and notify you by email or by means of a notice on our website . 
Privacy Policy Thank you for visiting Examiner.com . The Examiner.com website , including any online environments made available by Examiner.com ( collectively , the " Site " ) is operated by Clarity Digital Group LLC d/b/a Examiner.com ( " Examiner.com " ) . Your privacy on the Internet is extremely important to us , and we want to make your experience on our Site satisfying and safe . This Privacy Policy applies to information about you collected through our Site . This Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated into the Terms of Use for our Site . We collect two types of information through our Site . " PII " means " personally identifiable information , " which is information that identifies you personally , either alone or in combination with other information available to us ( including without limitation your name , address , email address , telephone number , age , background , or other personal information ) . " Non-PII " means " non-personally identifiable information " or information which alone does not identify you ( however , in some circumstances Non-PII may be combined with PII in order to identify a specific individual ) . By using our Site , you are agreeing to the collection , use , and disclosure of your PII and Non-PII as described in this Privacy Policy . If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices , please email us at legal @ examiner.com . In order to access or use certain services and capabilities on our Site or to participate in certain programs , you may be required to voluntarily submit certain PII through our Site . The use of these services or capabilities or participation in these programs is purely optional , so you are not required to submit any PII to Examiner.com if you do not wish to do so . For example , you may wish to provide PII to Examiner.com in connection with applying to become an Examiner on our Site ( or providing further information once you are an Examiner , such as information in an Examiner 's " bio " ) ; creating a profile on our Site ; applying to become an advertiser or sponsor on our Site ; sharing content from our Site ; participation in online forums , commenting features , communities , surveys , contests , sweepstakes , referral programs or other promotions ; registration on our Site for any other reason ; or submitting feedback to us . This information may include your name , address , email address , and other information you voluntarily provide to us , as well as information we may track regarding the articles you have viewed on our Site . We also collect Non-PII through our Site . The Non-PII collected does not by itself identify you personally . However , if you have registered on the Site , it may be possible for us to link certain Non-PII to information that identifies you personally . Non-PII collected by Examiner.com includes : information sent to us automatically by your web browser such as your IP address , the address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed our Site , information on your operating system ( e.g. , Microsoft Windows or Mac OS ) , the browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer , Safari ) ; the date and time of your visit ; user traffic patterns and content accessed throughout our Site ; and search terms you may enter in our Search function . This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers ' needs and to help our advertisers and sponsors better understand our audience . We track additional information regarding certain actions by Examiners on or through our Site , such as usage of various environments and tools offered to Examiners , participation in our educational offerings for Examiners , participation in loyalty programs offered to Examiners , posting of content on our Site , and other actions on our Site . Certain third party service providers also track Non-PII of users who visit our Site . This is described further below . In order to improve your experience when using our Site , we , our third party service providers or advertisers may place a text file called a " cookie " in the browser files of your computer , which stores your preferences and may be used to help personalize your experience . We , our third party service providers or advertisers may also use " web beacons , pixel tags or similar technologies , which are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor behavior and collect certain data regarding the actions of our users online . These cookies and other technologies may be used to track user traffic patterns , to enhance your experience when using our Site , to persist information through your session , to personalize the Site for you based on your preferences and selections , to target advertising or content to you as described further below , and to collect Non-PII about you and your visit to our Site for other marketing and business purposes . You can adjust your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser . Disabling cookies may result in a less complete experience while using the Site . We use third party companies to serve ads on our Site , to provide us with data collection , ad response measurement , ad or content targeting , and other marketing or related services . We have granted permission to these companies ( some of which are listed below ) and certain advertisers or customers of these companies to use cookies , web beacons , pixel tags or similar technologies in order to collect Non-PII about our users ( subject to their own privacy guidelines ) for purposes of generating advertisements and other content targeted to your interests , and for other data collection , response measurement , marketing and related business purposes . Following are links to the privacy policies of some of our ad serving and data collection partners , which are subject to change from time to time :  DoubleClick- http : //www.google.com/intl/en/privacy.html Audience Science- http : //www.audiencescience.com/privacy.asp QuantCast- http : //www.quantcast.com/privacy Lotame- http : //www.lotame.com/privacy Blue Kai - http : //www.bluekai.com/privacypolicy.php The Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) , a cooperative group of ad serving providers that has developed a set of privacy principles to which its members adhere , provides a website offering more information about behavioral advertising practices and your choices about not having certain Non-PII used by certain companies in order to target advertisements to you , as well as information about NAI and third party ad servers in general . You may visit the NAI site at www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp . Examiner.com or our third party service providers may use PII or Non-PII collected on our Site : To enhance or personalize your experience using our Site ; To inform you of offers or new features that we believe may be of interest to you ; To provide information or services you have requested ; To process or maintain your registration on the Site ; To process orders and facilitate advertisements or sponsorships on our Site ; In connection with various programs , promotions or contests in which you participate ; For targeting of advertising or content , or other advertising or marketing purposes ; To study the use and popularity of various areas of our Site and to improve our Site ; To analyze where we are getting our audience ( by reviewing IP addresses ) ; For other purposes related to the business of Examiner.com ; And for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy or any other agreement you may enter with Examiner.com including , if applicable , the Examiners Independent Contractor Agreement and License ) , or otherwise as we may disclose to you or to which you consent from time to time . Examiner.com creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers , sponsors and partners . This allows our advertisers to advertise more effectively , and allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent to their interests . We will not intentionally collect ( nor intentionally provide to an advertiser or sponsor ) information that a personally-identified user clicked on any particular ad . However , by clicking on , otherwise interacting with or viewing an ad , you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad , and this may lead to similar ads being targeted to you on our Site and potentially on other Sites . We may share your PII with : ( i ) our current or future affiliates , subsidiaries , parent company , or other related entities ( " Examiner.com Entities " ) ; ( ii ) companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf ( such as data storage , web hosting , Examiner application processing , or other services ) ; and ( iii ) carefully selected third parties for purposes relating to content creation or distribution deals , selected Examiner.com or third party promotions we believe would be of interest to you , reward programs ( such as the " Examiner Perks " program offered to current Examiners ) , marketing activities , ad targeting as described above , or other purposes relevant to the business of Examiner.com . PII submitted by purchasers of advertisements on our Site may be shared with companies processing such orders , and companies otherwise enabling such advertisements on behalf of Examiner.com . An Examiner 's participation in the Examiner referral program represents the referring Examiner 's consent to the disclosure of that Examiner 's name to any person he or she refers who inquires as to the source of the referral . We may also disclose the PII and Non-PII we collect through our Site when we , in good faith , believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law or legal process ( including a court order or subpoena ) ; to prevent or investigate a possible crime , such as fraud or identity theft ; to enforce the Examiner.com Terms of Use or other agreements that you have entered into with Examiner.com Entities or that govern your use of our Site ; to protect the rights , property or safety of Examiner.com , our users or others ; or to protect your vital interests . We may share analyses of our server logs , including details regarding Site usage and general information about our audience , with current or potential advertisers or business partners . Such disclosures will refer only to general , aggregate usage data from these analyses - never specific identifying information . Information submitted to our Site is an asset of Examiner.com and will become part of our normal business records . Your PII may be transferred to another company that acquires the stock or assets of Examiner.com , for example , as the result of a sale , merger , reorganization , dissolution or liquidation . If such a transfer occurs , the acquiring company 's use of your PII will still be subject to this Privacy Policy , and any privacy choices you selected in your online profile on our Site . Please be aware that although we may request your consent for some disclosures described in this section , by using our Site you are deemed to have accepted and agreed to the sharing of your information collected through our Site in the manner described in this Privacy Policy , and we will not be required to obtain your consent for any disclosures described in this Privacy Policy . If you choose to participate as an Examiner on our Site you choose to register and create a profile as a user of our Site , or you choose to post comments on our Site , please be aware that your profile , your Examiner bio ( if applicable ) and any information you post on our Site ( within your profile , comments , or otherwise ) , including without limitation your name , photo , and any PII you provide in your public profile , as well as certain information regarding your actions on our Site ( such as your favorite Examiners or subscriptions to Examiners ) , will automatically be visible to the general public , and will potentially remain on the Site indefinitely . Without limitation , this means that if you are an Examiner , your name , photo , and bio information you submit in connection with the articles you post on our Site , will remain on our Site even following termination of your status as an Examiner . To the extent you have posted PII in your public user profile , in articles or comments on the Site , or otherwise in a publicly displayed manner on our Site , that information is available to the general public and can be used in connection with distribution and promotion of such content to third parties , for news reporting related to the article or comment in which the PII is located on our Site , or for other similar purposes , due to the fact that the information became public when you posted it on our Site . If you choose to make your comments available to view on third party websites , such comments are subject to those third parties ' websites ' policies , and responses to such comments made on those third parties ' websites ' may also appear on our Site . Third party websites , including our partners , advertisers , affiliates and other content providers featured on our Site or accessible through links on our Site , may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices . You may encounter these third party sites through links in Examiners ' articles , third party content widgets or excerpts on our Site , advertisements , features , contests , sweepstakes or other promotions featured or accessible via links from our Site . We do not have any control over these third parties ' use of the information you may provide to them . Examiner.com is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties and is not liable to you for any claims that may arise from your interaction with those third parties or their sites . You should exercise caution and check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing PII or another party 's information on a feature or page operated by a third party . Examiner.com is headquartered in the United States and has related entities in Canada , and you understand that any PII collected on the Site will be transferred to Examiner.com in the United States and may be shared with Examiner.com Entities in Canada or elsewhere . You hereby consent to the transfer to and processing of any PII by Examiner.com and any Examiner.com Entities , or any of the other parties listed in the immediately preceding paragraph " Sharing of Information , " whether located in the United States or any other countries , for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy , or for any other specific purposes to which you consent . If you are located in a country other than the United States , you should note that , at present , the laws of the United States and certain other countries have not been approved by the European Commission or privacy authorities in certain other countries as providing " adequate protection " for personal information within the meaning of the EU Data Protection Directive or applicable laws of other countries . Please know , however , that no matter where your personal information is collected , used , transferred or stored , if it was collected through the Examiner.com Site , it will be protected by the terms of this Privacy Policy . YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO THE USE AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY OTHER COUNTRY IN THE MANNER SET FORTH HEREIN . Consistent with the Federal Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( COPPA ) , we will never knowingly request PII from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent . The Site is not directed at nor targeted to children under the age of 13 and we do not use the Site to knowingly solicit PII from or market to children under the age of 13 . If you are under the age of 13 , do not provide us with any PII . If we learn that someone under 13 has provided PII to the Site , we will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from our databases . Examiner.com operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems . Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary . Only authorized individuals have access to the PII provided by our Site 's users . We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect , use and disclose your PII . If you have registered on our Site in any manner ( including as an Examiner ) , you may update or modify your information or change your preferences at any time by logging in to the applicable section of our Site using your user name and password , and updating your user profile . If you have not registered on our Site or you are having trouble updating your profile and you wish to review or modify PII we may have collected about you , please email us at legal @ examiner.com . We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy , at any time and without prior notice , by posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy on the Site . Your use of the Site following any such change constitutes your agreement that all information collected from or about you through the Site after the revised Privacy Policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy . You may access the current version of this Privacy Policy at any time by clicking on the link marked " Privacy Policy " at the bottom of each page of our Site . This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 28 , 2011 
Privacy Policy For the privacy policy of MONEY , FORTUNE , or FORTUNE Small Business magazine , operated by Time , Inc. , please click the appropriate link : MONEY FORTUNE FORTUNE Small Business Thank you for visiting CNNMoney.com , a site presented to you by Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. ( " Turner " ) . Your privacy is important to us . As such , we provide this privacy statement explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this general audience Turner site , and among Turner 's network of affiliated websites ( " Turner Network " ) , which includes any sites or services owned , operated or offered by or on behalf of Turner or its affiliates . At some Turner Network sites , you can order products , enter contests , vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion , subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters , or participate in one of our online forums or communities . In the course of these various offerings , we often seek to collect from you various forms of personal information . Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include : name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number , credit card information , and information about your interests in and use of various products , programs , and services . At some Turner Network sites , you may also be able to submit information about other people . For example , you might submit a person 's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card and , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient , you might submit the recipient 's name and address . Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address , and telephone number . At certain parts of some of our sites , only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products , programs , and services or otherwise participate in the site 's activities and offerings . We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , and partners may collect various types of non-personally identifiable information when you visit any of our sites . A representative list of the types of non-personally identifiable information collected may include : current Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer ) , the type of operating system you are using , ( e.g. , Microsoft Windows or Mac OS ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , Comcast , Verizon or AT&T ) , the web pages you have visited , sites visited before and after you visit a site on the Turner Network , the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the site ( e.g. , iPhone , Blackberry ) , location information , the content and advertisements you have accessed , seen , forwarded and/or clicked on . You also can engage with our content , such as video , games , applications , and other offerings , on or through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook , and Turner Network or third-party social media plug-ins and applications . When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites , plug-ins or applications , you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , user files like photos and videos , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the ' likes ' you make , etc. )  to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application . We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on ) from your interaction with our content . Through some social networking sites ' privacy settings , you can control what data you share . For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information , please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use . We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products , programs , and services , to respond to your inquiries about our offerings , to offer you other products , programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you , to enforce the legal terms that govern your use of our sites , and/or for the purposes for which you provided the information . We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our terms of service , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account with us . We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts or cards or emails you may wish to send them from our sites , and for such other purposes as may be stated at the point where the information is collected . The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience . We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , services or customized experiences . If you choose to submit content for publication ( e.g. , a letter to our editors , comments sent to our television personalities , a posting to a blog or a discussion board , a video ) , we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us . We may on occasion combine information we collect through our sites with information that we collect from other sources . Without limiting the generality of the foregoing , if you register and create a profile with our site , the screen name you select as well as other content you submit to your profile ( e.g. , photos , comments , video , reviews ) will be displayed publicly on the Site and may be reused and redistributed by us in our discretion . We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our sites , to deliver more relevant marketing messages and advertisements and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience . We also may use this information to analyze usage of our sites or content , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services . When you provide information from your social media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our applications or websites , ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news , special offerings , and rewards , and ( 4 ) enable you to share your experience and content via social networking sites . By doing so , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our privacy policy . When you provide personal information to us through an application , on our sites , or on social networking sites , it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we can not prevent further use of the information by third parties . We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena . We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request , or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our terms of use , to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements . In addition , we may transfer personally identifiable information about you if we , or one of our business units , are acquired by , sold to , merged with or otherwise transferred to another entity . Our agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy statement and are not authorized to use the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us . Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy statement . We may disclose personally identifiable information to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you . If a Turner Network site shares personally identifiable information , it will provide you with an opportunity to opt out or block such uses either at the point of submission of your personally identifiable information or prior to any such disclosure . If you have signed up to receive our e-mails and prefer not to receive marketing information from this site , follow the " unsubscribe " instructions provided on any marketing e-mail you receive from this site . To provide visitors with additional or more relevant product and service opportunities , we may share non-personally identifiable information with third parties . To enhance your online experience , we use " cookies " or similar technologies . Cookies are text files placed in your computer 's browser to store your preferences . Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information ; however , once you choose to furnish a site with personally identifiable information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie . We use cookies to understand site and Internet usage and to improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on our sites . For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our sites ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to a site ) , save your password in password-protected areas , and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites . We also may use cookies to help us offer you products , programs , or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising . We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Turner Network and/or other networks or sites . This also helps us , our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising . The Adobe Flash Player is a powerful application and web tool that allows rapid development of highly dynamic content . Sites on the Turner Network employ locally stored objects ( sometimes referred to as " Flash cookies " ) in certain situations where we use Flash to provide special content such as video streaming , video on demand , video clips or animation . Flash ( and similar applications ) use this technology to remember settings , preferences and usage similar to browser cookies but Flash cookies are not managed through your web browser . You can access your Flash management tools from Adobe 's website directly . We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies or our partners may also use " web beacons " or clear .gifs , or similar technologies , which are small pieces of code placed on a web page , to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page . For example , web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page . At this time sites on the Turner Network do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms , which may include " do not track " instructions . However , you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser . You may set your browser to accept all cookies , block certain cookies , require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser , or block all cookies . Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered at Turner Network sites . Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information . Some of our sites contain links to or integrations with other sites such as Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , etc. , whose information practices may be different than ours . Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties . Turner Network sites covered by this privacy statement may offer content ( e.g. , contests , sweepstakes , promotions , games , applications , or social network integrations ) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties . By virtue of these relationships , the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity . We have no control over these third parties ' use of this information . The site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information . We also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection , reporting , ad response measurement , and site analytics , as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements . These third parties may view , edit or set their own cookies . We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties . The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement . Our goal at the Turner Network is to provide you with ads that are relevant to you . Advertising enables us to provide the rich content for which sites on the Turner Network are known . Often our ads are based on the content of pages you are viewing , but we also provide ads tailored to your interests . Our hope is that by presenting ads tailored to your interests , we will enhance your experience across the Turner Network 's diverse websites . For example , if you often visit content on the Turner Network about travel , we may use " web beacons " to infer your possible interest in travel and may deliver an ad to you related to that interest . It 's important to understand that these technologies use anonymous identifiers within the " cookies " stored in your browser . We offer you choices with regard to interest-based ads . To learn more about interest-based ads and the choices available to you , please visit our AdChoices page . Turner is a participant in the online industry 's self regulatory program administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( the " DAA " ) and has agreed to adhere to the DAA 's principles applicable to interest-based ads . Please visit the Self Regulatory Program site for more information about the DAA , the self regulatory principles and choices you can make regarding interest-based ads . You may find more information about entities involved in online advertising and additional choices you may make through the Network Advertising Initiative ( " NAI " ) at the NAI site . Turner operates globally so it is necessary to transfer your information internationally . In particular , your information will likely be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate . The data protection and other laws of other countries , such as the United States , may not be as comprehensive as those in your country . Please be assured that we take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected . By using this site you consent to your information being collected , used and transferred as set forth in this privacy statement . We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , to maintain data security , and to use correctly the information we collect online . Access to personally identifiable information that is collected from our sites and that we maintain may be available to you . For example , if you created a password-protected account within our site , you can access that account to review the information you provided . You may also send an e-mail or letter to the following e-mail or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information . For verification purposes please include your first name , last name , e-mail address and the password you use for such service . E-mail Administration Turner Broadcasting System , Inc . Attention : Privacy One CNN Center , 13 North Atlanta , GA 30303 email : privacy.cnn @ turner.com The Privacy Statement posted on this site was updated in November , 2013 . Link to top 
Introduction This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 11 , 2012 . This web sites which are located at the domain cnbc.com ( the " Site " ) are operated by CNBC LLC ( " CNBC " or we or our or us ) . Your privacy is important to us . This Privacy Policy describes the types of information collected from you , what we do with it , with whom we share it , and how you can correct or change such information . It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy carefully , especially before providing any personal data through the Site . This Site is operated in and controlled from the United States of America . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Site , or if you wish to unsubscribe from Site services for which you have previously registered , please contact us at customercare @ support.cnbc.com or at the address at the end of this policy . PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF SERVICE FOR THE SITE CAREFULLY . YOUR USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO SUCH PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF SERVICE . Personal Data : Personally Identifiable Information ( Personal Data ) is any information that can be used to identify a specific individual , such as your name , email address , home address , phone number and credit card information . This Site collects Personal Data when you interact with the Site , for example when you register for our Subscription Services , including without limitation , CNBC Plus ; subscribe for newsletters ; register for membership services such as chat rooms or message boards ; participate in chat rooms , blogs or other user forums ; respond to polls or surveys ; purchase merchandise via the Site ; register for sweepstakes , contests and other promotional opportunities ; or seek help from our customer service departments . We also may collect information when you purchase products or services offline , or register for wireless services via your cellphone or other wireless devices ( Other Services ) . Because providing detailed information regarding our privacy policy when you register or provide information in connection with these Other Services often proves impractical , you may instead be provided with a short notice that reminds you to refer to this Privacy Policy and other relevant information from us . We may also obtain Personal Data from reputable third parties , such as credit agencies . Aggregate and Anonymous Data : Aggregate and anonymous data are information collected automatically through the operation of the Site ( " AA Data " ) . We may collect site usage data ( such as which Site pages you visit and in what sequence ) through the use of various technologies . For example , we collect IP addresses from individuals who visit the Site . An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you 're surfing the Web . Web servers , the computers that " serve up " Web pages , automatically identify your computer by its IP address , and when you request a page from a website , its servers log your IP address . We do not link IP addresses to any Personal Data , so although your session will be logged , you will remain anonymous to us and the Site . We may also collect password information from you when you log in , as well as computer and connection information such as browser type or version . During some visits , we may use software tools , such as Javascript , to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , time spent on certain pages , page interaction information , and methods used to browse away from the page . Like many sites , we use " cookies " or other similar technologies to collect AA Data . A cookie is a small data file that writes to your hard drive for record keeping purposes when you visit the Site . Cookies allow the Site to measure traffic activity on the Site and to improve your user experience , for example by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences , allowing you to visit member only portions of the Site without re-registering , and tracking the progress and number of entries in activities that require registration or entry , such as sweepstakes . Similarly , if you have asked us to send you information about upcoming products and promotions , using cookies we collect information about which Site pages you have visited and in what order ( Clickstream Data ) that may allow us to narrow or limit the materials provided to you based on your prior online activities or preferences . Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies . If you prefer , you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent , but it is possible that some parts of the Site will not function properly if you do so . In addition , we may use a service that collects data remotely by using so-called pixel tags , web beacons , clear GIFs or similar means ( collectively , Pixel Tags ) embedded in the Site 's content . A Pixel Tag is an electronic image , often a single pixel ( 1x1 ) , that is ordinarily not visible to Site visitors and may be associated with cookies on the visitors ' hard drives . This information is anonymous data . Personal Data : We will use your Personal Data for the purposes for which it was provided . For example , if you provide Personal Data to register for a newsletter or a text messaging service , to enter a contest or a sweepstake , or to purchase goods or services , we will use it to register you for or provide you with those goods or services . We may also use your Personal Data to provide you with information about features , services and other offerings that may be of interest to you . We also may send information or offers to selected groups of Site users on behalf of other businesses . When we do this , we do not give those businesses your name or address . Under certain circumstances ( for example if you win a contest ) we may post your Personal Data on the Site . We will notify you of this possibility when you provide the Personal Data and , if possible , when the Personal Data is posted . Cookies and similar tools may be used to relate your use of the Site and AA Data to Personal Data obtained from you . If any AA Data are linked with Personal Data , the linked AA Data will then be treated as Personal Data . AA Data : We may also use Personal Data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis . In order to better understand and serve the users of the Site and Other Services , CNBC often conducts research on its customer demographics , interests and behavior based on Personal Data we gather . Although this aggregated data may be based in part on Personal Data , it does not identify you personally . CNBC may share this type of AA Data with a variety of third parties , including its affiliates , agents , and current and prospective business partners . We may use AA Data collected from the Site for site administration , advertising and promotional purposes , and we may share such information with various affiliated and unaffiliated entities for such purposes . For example , IP addresses are used for the purposes of system administration and to provide AA Data to advertisers about the volume of use on the Site , and Clickstream Data and demographic AA Data may be shared with our advertisers and business partners . We may also enter into agreements with outside companies that possess technology that allows the Site to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on the Site . This data ( including Clickstream Data about your activities on our Site ) may be shared with these companies for this purpose . Disclosure to Affiliates : Personal Data collected by this Site may be shared with our affiliates which include other entities owned or controlled by NBCUniversal Media , LLC ( " NBCUniversal " ) . We reserve the right to share both Personal Data with our affiliates . If you do not want us to share your Personal Data with our affiliated companies for their marketing purposes , you may opt-out of such sharing by contacting us at customercare @ support.cnbc.com ( see Your Choices below )  Disclosure to Third Parties : CNBC , like many businesses , sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf such as hosting specific portions of the Site , maintaining databases , administering contests , providing wireless services , mailing information and processing payments . When we employ a third party to perform these functions , that third party will only be provided with the particular Personal Data it needs to perform its function , and is required to protect the Personal Data . With your consent , we may also share Personal Data with pre-screened third parties for their marketing or promotional purposes . We will provide you with an opportunity to elect or decline these services or opportunities ( see Your Choices below ) . In the event you have elected to unsubscribe from any of our services , we will share your Personal Data with third parties with whom we jointly offer such services solely to the extent necessary to ensure that your request not to receive such communications is honored . In addition , for third-party sponsored sweepstakes , contests or promotions , we may request Personal Data from you that may be shared with the sponsor upon request . When you register on the Site you will be able to opt-in or opt-out of such sharing on the Member Center page . Disclosure to Others : In addition , we may disclose Personal Data without providing you with a choice under the following limited circumstances to : ( 1 ) protect the legal rights , privacy or safety of CNBC , or its subsidiaries , affiliates or its or their employees , agents and contractors ; ( 2 ) protect the safety and security of visitors to our web sites or other properties ; ( 3 ) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes ; ( 4 ) respond to inquiries or requests from public authorities ; ( 5 ) permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain ; ( 6 ) enforce our Terms of Service ; or ( 7 ) comply with the law or legal process . If NBCUniversal or CNBC sells all or part of this Site or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer , we may , in our sole discretion , transfer , sell or assign your Personal Data to a third party as part of or in connection with that transaction . Upon such transfer , the Privacy Policy of the acquiring entity may govern the further use of your Personal Data . This Site includes third-party advertising . These third parties ' websites and advertisers , or the Internet advertising companies that work on their behalf , may use technology to send ( or serve ) the advertisements that appear on our Site directly to your browser . They automatically receive your IP address when this happens . They also automatically receive and record information from your computer and browser , including your cookie information . They may also use cookies , Javascript , Pixel Tags and other technologies to deliver advertisements , collect information about the effectiveness of their advertisements , and to collect anonymous information about your visits to the Site , such as the number of times you have viewed an ad or to customize the advertising content you see ( but not your name , address , or other Personal Data ) . CNBC lets the companies that show advertisements on the Site , set and access their cookies on your computer . The third parties ' use of their own cookies is subject to their own privacy policies . For more information about these specialized cookies and other technologies , and how to " opt out " of information collection by these companies , we suggest you visit http : //doubleclick.net/privacy_policy or http : //networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp . Please note that this Site contains links to other sites that will not follow the same Privacy Policy as our Site . For instance , clicking on an advertisement or on links or other elements on the Site may take you to an entirely different site . Links to other sites may use our Site logo or style as a result of a co-branding agreement . These sites may send their own cookies to you and may collect data and make use of that data in ways that this Site would not . Once you 've left this Site , this Privacy Policy will no longer apply to Personal Data or any other data collected from or provided by you . You should check the applicable privacy policy to determine how that site will handle such data . You can use the Site and certain Other Services without providing any Personal Data , but if you decline to provide Personal Data , you may not be able to use certain services or features . If you have previously provided Personal Data to the Site and have subscribed to one or more email newsletters or are receiving emails or other communications from the Site and you do not want to receive such emails , please discontinue your subscriptions by selecting the " unsubscribe " link at the bottom of any message , visiting the Member Center section of the Site or contacting us at : customercare @ support.cnbc.com . You may opt-out of receiving offers from us and related products and services offered by third parties by adjusting your Site preferences at our Member Center link on the home page . If you ask that we stop using your Personal Data , we will honor that request . However we will retain records of your Personal Data as needed in order to comply with applicable federal , state , or local law . If you would like to review , correct or change the Personal Data that you have previously provided us , please go to the Member Center section of the Site and follow the appropriate instructions or contact us at customercare @ support.cnbc.com . We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession . We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the sites visited by their children . At various places on the Site or Other Services , we may ask users for their age . By using the Site or Other Services you agree to respond truthfully and accurately about your age . Children under the age of 13 years of age are expressly prohibited from submitting or posting any Personal Data on the Site or Other Services . Please remember that information posted to message boards , chat rooms , blogs and other user forums becomes public information . Use caution when posting . Individuals under the age of 18 should be especially careful not to provide any personally identifiable information when participating in any area of the Site where postings might become public . Please see our Terms of Service for the standards of behavior that must be followed when using these portions of the Site or Other Services . CNBC takes reasonable security precautions to secure the Personal Data that you choose to provide against the loss , misuse , alteration or unauthorized access of such information . Unfortunately , no transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure . It may be possible for third parties not under the control of CNBC to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully . While we strive to protect your Personal Data , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any Personal Data you transmit to us . Any such transmission is done at your own risk . If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure , please notify us of the problem by contacting us at customercare @ support.cnbc.com . This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to CNBC on or through this Site or Other Services . Please see our Terms of Service for our policies regarding such Unsolicited Information . All such Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential , and CNBC shall be free to reproduce , use , disclose and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution . Your access to and use of this Site or Other Services is subject to the Terms of Service . We control and operate this Site from the United States . The Site is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States . Please note that we do not represent or warrant that the Site is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction . Those who choose to access the Site do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws , rules and regulations . From time to time , we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives , changes in the law or technology , or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use . If we make revisions to the way we collect or use Personal Data , we may provide notice of those changes by either : ( 1 ) announcing the change on the home page of the Site or ( 2 ) taking such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances , including without limitation , posting the revised draft of this Privacy Policy on the Site . You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the Last Updated legend at the top of this page . Any changes to this policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Internet , accessible through the Site . By continuing to use the Site following such changes , you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes . If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy , as it may be amended from time to time , in whole or in part , please do not continue using this Site . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , Personal Data gathered by this Site or Other Services , or about the operation of this Site or Other Services , or if you wish to unsubscribe from the Site or Other Services , please contact us at customercare @ support.cnbc.com , or at the address listed below . cnbc.com Customer Care Department 900 Sylvan Avenue Englewood Cliffs , NJ 07632 
PRIVACY STATEMENT REVISED AS OF OCTOBER 30 , 2013 About Our Privacy Statement The Weather Underground , LLC ( " Weather Underground " ) is strongly committed to protecting your privacy . This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect , use and share information we gather about you on the Services and the choices you have regarding our use of and your ability to correct the information . " Services " include Weather Underground 's wunderground.com website , wxquickie.com , weatherquicke.com , wundermap.com ( the " Sites " ) , and other Internet enabled or wireless means by which Weather Underground provides content to you or receives content from you , including , without limitation , downloadable software applications ( including Desktop Gadget and Dashboard Widget desktop applications ) , mobile web sites , mobile downloadable applications including WunderRadio , content and blog submission services , chat rooms , SMS messaging , and delivery of Weather Underground and WunderRadio content to you at your request. )  " Services " also includes alert products . We hope that this disclosure will enhance your experience and reinforce the trust that you place in Weather Underground 's products and services . In order to maximize your experience and to provide you with enhanced products and services , Weather Underground may collect personally identifiable information ( " PII " ) from you including your name , e-mail address , address , and phone number . For example , we collect PII when you become a member , sign up your weather station or webcam or weather radio , sign up for email or text alerts , sign up for our API ( weather information for use on certain platforms ) , the Weather Desktop Gadget desktop application . Other examples of when we collect personally identifiable information are when you :  Complete a survey Register for a promotion , contest or sweepstakes Send us an e-mail message or complete an inquiry form to receive additional information Submit a photo to WunderPhoto Report your weather conditions Participate in an online forum or community , Request tweets from us , or Customize the Services . We also may collect certain information through automated means , such as :  Specific geographic location where you are currently located Information about your device and device capabilities Information about your device operating system Information about the applications on your device Information about how you use the Services Your activities on the Services IP address Device identifier Carrier Browser Type Browser Identifier Referring URL Chat Sessions , Blogs , and Submissions In the case of participation in a chat session , we require that you use the handle you selected when you registered . Please be aware that chat sessions are recorded and may be monitored . Any information including personally identifiable information , that you submit during a chat session , in blog comments , in community discussions , in any other user comment field , or in connection with your content submissions , including photo submissions , can be read , collected , or used by others who access them , and could be used by other users to send you unsolicited messages . We are not responsible for the information , including personally identifiable information , you choose to submit in these forums . Content Submissions . If you upload or rate photos in WunderPhoto or blog comments , you have to be registered and logged into this feature , and you will be required to provide us with a handle and email address . If you provide us with content , including , without limitation , submissions to WunderPhoto and user comments , any metadata , including , without limitation , geo-location and tags , in that content will become publicly available . Location Information . In certain instances in our Services , you will be able to input specific location information in order for us to bring up the weather for that location . For that Service , we will ask you to input specific location such as address , city and state . latitude and longitude , country , neighborhood name , beach location , or zip code . To offer you certain Services , provide advertisements based on your physical geographic location , and engage in the other uses described below , on some devices we provide you the option to opt-in to allow us to use your physical geographic location using GPS , cellular network location based services on your device , or browser services . You may at any time opt-out from these geo-location services by going to the settings on your mobile device . If you have the WunderRadio mobile application installed on your Microsoft Windows 7 device , you may also opt-out from geo-location by going to the " Settings " menu in the application and toggling location services off . Toggling location services off may also disable certain services in the application . Alerts and notifications . In certain of our Services , you have the ability to receive push notifications for weather related updates . To provide these services , we may need to collect your email address , phone number , device information , and mobile carrier information , in addition to the zip code or geographic area to which the alert , update or notification pertains . If you no longer wish to receive these types of notifications you may opt-out by turning them off within the settings of your mobile device or the particular Service for which you registered . One of the most valuable assets of our business is you . Except as described below , Weather Underground does not rent , sell or share personally identifiable information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies . A. Weather Underground and its Affiliates We use information collected on the Services , and disclose information to third parties , including your physical geographic location , to help fulfill your requests or in connection with the operation of the Services , for example to service your account , conduct a transaction or provide a service that you have requested , display information and advertisements that we believe match your interests and profile , facilitate updates to the Services , provide support , notify you if you 've won a contest or sweepstakes , improve the working of the Services , and compile statistics about our users and your use of the Services . We and such third parties may on occasion combine information about you with information obtained from other parties to market to you products or services that may be of interest to you . If you sign up for communications from Weather Underground , they may also contain offers from third parties . At various points , we may provide you with the opportunity to opt in to receive special offers from Weather Underground and its affiliates . If you choose to opt in , Weather Underground and its affiliates will use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Weather Underground and its affiliates , including The Weather Channel , LLC , WSI Corporation and Weather Central , LP . These products may include , for example , schedules for special programs on The Weather Channel cable network or offers to purchase a calendar from The Weather Channel . B . Companies Offering Promotions , Products , or Services At times we will provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receive promotions , products or services from third party sponsors . With your permission , Weather Underground will periodically send to you , via e-mail , offers and promotions from our third party sponsors which we select based upon your interests or user profile . In this case we do not share your information with the third party sponsors-we do the mailing for them . You will always have the opportunity to opt- out of receiving future offers by following the unsubscribe link included with each email . In other instances , we provide you with the opportunity to receive products and services directly from specifically identified third parties through the Services . In these instances , you must explicitly consent to receive each offer . When you explicitly agree to receive offers from specific third parties , your information is shared with the specific third party to enable them to provide you with the offer you have requested . We are not responsible for the information collection practices of these third parties , and all information provided is governed by the privacy policies of these third parties . You should review the privacy policies of these parties before supplying personally identifiable information to them . C . Third-Party Processors When your information is collected on the Services , it may be collected directly by or shared with a selected third parties in connection with the operation of the Services or the provision of services to you ( " Third Party Processors " ) . These Third Party Processors may include , for example , companies that operate our online WunderStore , that process credit card information or handle shipping for Weather Underground , that deliver materials to you via e-mail or postal service , that organize , administer , process , or provide advertising services , and/ or that analyze data on our behalf to help us provide more relevant offers to you and to eliminate the delivery of duplicate offers as well as correcting and/or updating users ' data based on information we provide them . We also provide your information to third party mapping service providers to provide you map content for the Services . Third party processors are authorized to use your information that we provide to them only to carry out the service they are providing for Weather Underground . We require that the third party processors securely store the personally identifiable information we provide to them and maintain it so that it can be accessed when needed for future purposes , and all such Third Party Processors are contractually bound by us to keep the personally identifiable information confidential . D . Other Web Sites , Other Services , and Links Like many Web sites on the Internet and other Internet-based services , many of our Services link to pages located on Web sites or services maintained by various other entities . In some cases you may link to pages of other Web sites that are framed with elements of our Services such as in the header or footer . In that case the URL will identify the site you are visiting . In other cases , such as advertisements , you will be connecting to another site or service when you click on or otherwise activate those opportunities , including click-to-call , click-to-text , and click-to-email opportunities . These other sites and services are not bound by our privacy policy , and we are not responsible for their information collection practices . The privacy policies of other organizations may differ from ours , for example , with respect to the level of security , use of cookies , and collection , use and disclosure of personally identifiable information . Some of our Services allow users to interface with other sites or services , including Facebook and Twitter . You will remain logged in to those other sites and services until you log off those sites and services . By proceeding with these interfaces , you are allowing our Services to access your information on those other sites and services , and you are agreeing to those other sites ' and services ' Terms of Use . Once you log into those other sites and services , the content you post on those other sites and services may also post to our Services . Your use of those other sites and services is subject to the privacy policies of those sites and services , and not this Privacy Policy . Some of our Services use third party operating systems , platforms , communication services , devices , and software elements ( such as mobile device operating systems , wireless services , mobile phone and tablet devices ) , and some of our Services are provided by third party distributors , device makers , device operators , platform operators , and communication services . Weather Underground does not control these third party entities , products and services , and they may collect , use , process , transmit and disclose your information . For example , these third party elements may gather information from our Services , including our applications , in a manner that overrides your settings and preferences in our Services . As Weather Underground does not control or have knowledge of their data handling practices , we recommend that you review their privacy notices , terms of use and license agreements . E. Use by us of IP Addresses , Cookies , Web Beacons , Single-pixel Gifs , and Information Saved by Other Technologies Weather Underground and Third Party Processors acting on our behalf use various Internet technologies which help us to manage the operations of our Services and track usage behavior so that we can tailor information and advertisements to make your visits more enjoyable and meaningful . These Internet technologies include :  IP Addresses : numbers assigned to individual computers which accompany every packet of information across the Internet . Cookies : small electronic files transferred from our services to your electronic device . Beacons and single-pixel Gifs : electronic tags . HTML5 LocalStorage : storage within your browser on your electronic device . Information that Weather Underground collects via the technologies described in this section may be linked to other information about you . Weather Underground uses the technologies described in this section , alone or in combination , to provide and administer our services , understand user behavior , manage services operations , measure the effectiveness of advertisements and our service operations , target advertising , help diagnose problems , recognize repeat visitors , track and analyze usage behavior , facilitate your access to and use of our services , serve , target , control , and measure advertisements on our Services , count users who have visited certain areas of our Services we wish to track , and help determine the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on our services . In addition , we may share demographic information , location data , IP address , aggregate ( not individual ) usage statistics for our Services , other identifiers and information with advertisers and other third parties . For example , we may share IP address , random or anonymous device identifier , city and state , ZIP code , and specific geo-location with the parties identified in subparagraph F below . Your browser may allow you to manage your cookies and HTLM5 LocalStorage . Each browser is a little different , so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies and HTML5 LocalStorage . If you turn Cookies or HTML5 Local Storage off , however , you wo n't have access to many of the features which make your experience more efficient and some of our Services will not function properly . Weather Underground contracts with certain Third Party Processors to track , analyze and report data about the usage of our Services using these Internet technologies . These Third Party Processors include Google Analytics , Paypal , and Omniture . F. Use of Cookie , Web Beacon and Other Technologies by Advertisers , Ad Networks , Ad Servers and Analytics Companies Weather Underground works with a variety of advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies . These advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies use various technologies , and technologies from third party companies , to collect data in order to send ( or serve ) relevant ads to users . These technologies may include the placement of cookies or web beacons , the use of HTML5 LocalStorage , the use of unique or non-unique non-personal identifiers , or the use of other technologies on our Services , and these technologies may be used to track user behavior , to track how our Services are being used , and possibly to serve you more relevant ads . These targeted advertisements may appear on our Services or other services that you visit . This Privacy policy does not cover the use of various technologies by advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies . These companies may also obtain information from services you use from other companies , including without limitation , other websites , mobile website , mobile downloadable applications , and downloadable applications , and combine that information with information they obtain through these third party technologies on our Services . You should be aware that The Weather Underground does not have control over these third party technologies or the information contained in them . For more information about how DoubleClick , and some of the other ad networks , ad servers , analytics companies , and third party companies use the information collected by the technologies on our services and about your option not to accept cookies placed by some of these companies on our Services , please visit the following sites : DoubleClick : http : //doubleclick.net/privacy_pilocy , Nielsen : http : //www.nielsen-netratings.com/privacy/sitecensus.htm Quantcast : https : //www.quantcast.com/how-we-do-it/consumer-choice/privacy-policy/ Flurry : http : //www.flurry.com/privacy-policy.html Google Analytics : http : //www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html Omniture : http : //www.omniture.com/static/61 comScore and its affiliate , Scorecard Research : http : //www.scorecardresearch.com/Priv.html http : //networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and http : //www.aboutads.info/choices These opt-outs are device specific and may not work on all devices . You should be aware that if you choose to opt out through any of these sites , this does not opt you out of being served advertising . The ads will just not be targeted to you by any party from which you have opted out . You can also opt out of future information collection from our Services by ceasing use of the Service or in the case of an application , uninstalling the application . G. Purchase or Sale of Businesses Weather Underground continually looks for ways to improve our business , including purchasing or selling all or part of a business or company . If we buy or sell a business , personally identifiable information and non-personal information will likely be transferred as part of the sale . If we buy a business , we will honor the requests of that business ' former customers regarding their personally identifiable information . If in connection with a sale there will be material changes to the way personally identifiable information is being used , affected consumers who have provided us with an email address will be notified via e-mail , if you have provided us an email address , and will be given the opportunity to opt-out . H . Other Limitations on Privacy We may provide personally identifiable information without your permission ( i ) pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas , warrants , or orders or otherwise to comply with law ; ( ii ) where The Weather Underground believes the rights , property or an individual 's safety or security is at risk ; iii ) if we find that your actions violate our Terms and Conditions of Use ; or iv ) where otherwise required by law . If you choose to use our service that allows you to e-mail parts of our Services to a friend , in most circumstances we need to have access to your and your friend 's e- mail addresses temporarily to send the e-mail due to technical requirements . This information is not used for any other purpose . Some mobile products allow you to view weather conditions for people in your phone 's contact list . If you agree to use this feature , your contact list will be accessed in order for us to provide weather information for your contacts who already have their address , city , state , or zip code available . We do not store this information or use it for any other purpose . If you receive an offer or promotion from Weather Underground or a third party related to Weather Underground , you must have opted in . To ensure we have your consent , we make sure that each e-mail sent to you by Weather Underground presents the additional opportunity to opt-out of receiving future e-mails . If you have registered with us and have obtained a password , you may reset your password , update your personally identifiable information , correct information , make changes to your preferences , unsubscribe to any e-mail subscriptions or opt-out of certain services , by accessing your profile online at the member settings page or within the settings of a particular application or you may contact us directly at wuhelp @ wunderground.com . If you wish to cancel your account or request that we delete or no longer use your account information to provide you Services , contact us at wuhelp @ wunderground.com . Subject to applicable law , we will retain and use your account information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . Weather Underground is committed to protecting the safety and privacy of young people using the Internet . We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 and believe that children should get their parents ' or guardians ' consent before giving out any personally identifiable information . The Services may contain links to third party Web sites and other services geared to children . The linked sites and services are not under the control of Weather Underground . We are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or service or any link contained in a linked site or service , nor are we responsible for the privacy practices of the operators of those sites or services with respect to children . We strongly encourage parents and guardians to review the privacy policies of all linked sites and services . Weather Underground , and all associated Services and systems , including registration , is housed on servers operated in the United States . If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect ( including cookies ) will be processed and stored in the United States , a jurisdiction in which the data protection and privacy laws may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country where you reside or are a citizen . By using our Services and providing information to use , you consent to the transfer to and processing of the information in the United States . Keeping the information you provide to Weather Underground secure is important to us . We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic and managerial procedures designed to protect and safeguard your data . Of course , although Weather Underground uses standard industry practices to protect your personally identifiable information , we can not guarantee that your communications with the Services will never be unlawfully intercepted , or that your personally identifiable information will never be unlawfully accessed by third parties . Weather Underground reserves the right to alter our Privacy Policy as business needs require . If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone . All changes to this policy will be posted on our Web site prior to the time they take effect . In the event that we make material changes to the way we use personally identifiable information , affected consumers who have provided us with an e-mail address will be notified via e-mail and will be given the opportunity to opt-out . The Weather Underground , LLC P.O . Box 724554 Atlanta , GA 31139 DATA FEEDS If you connect to Wunderground Data Feed , you will be able to pull and to decode weather related data from the non-public website of Weather Underground , Inc . ( " WUI " ) . Your access to Wunderground Data Feed , and your use of the data pulled from Wunderground Data Feed , is subject to the Terms of Use generally applicable to all features of www.wunderground.com . ( the " Site " )  In addition , because of the special features of Wunderground Data Feed , by accessing and viewing information from Wunderground Data Feed you agree to be bound by these special terms : ( 1 ) you will not modify the data from Wunderground Data Feed in any way ; ( 2 ) you will not modify the link structure to Wunderground Data Feed ; ( 3 ) you will not modify WUI 's logo that is included in the data ; and ( 4 ) in all uses of the data , you will credit WUI by name as the source of the data . As with all data that you access from the Site , the data that you pull from Wunderground Data Feed may only be used by you for personal , non-commercial purposes . If you want to use that data for commercial purposes , contact us through the Site and we will supply you with rate information for commercial customers . If you violate any of the general or specific terms applicable to Wunderground Data Feed , WUI has the right to terminate your use of the Site and the Data Feed and to take appropriate legal actions against you . WUI reserves the right to change these general or special terms at any time by posting on the Site . You understand and agree that your use of the Site and Wunderground Data Feed is a benefit voluntarily given by WUI and that WUI may withdraw that benefit and rescind your participation at any time for any reason in its sole discretion . If you do not agree to these general and special terms , you can not use Wunderground Data Feed or the services and information offered therein . 
Privacy Policy News Life Media Pty Ltd ( News ) recognises the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about our customers . For the purposes of this Privacy Statement , the word customers includes visitors to our web sites , subscribers to and users of our services , purchasers of our products and advertising customers . We are bound by the National Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 ( Cth ) in relation to the handling of personal information . Where appropriate we will handle personal information relying on the media exemption ( but complying with the Australian Press Council Privacy Standards ) , related bodies corporate exemption and the employee exemption in the Privacy Act . We collect personal information when we provide our services to you . Generally we will tell you why we are collecting information when we collect it and how we plan to use it or these things will be obvious when we collect the information . We usually collect personal information directly from you although sometimes we may use agents or service providers to do this for us . We may also acquire lists from other sources , both from other companies and from other public documents . We may automatically collect personal information by collecting and tracking the unique device identifier or the universally unique identifier of the devices you use to access our services . If you access or log-in to one of our services through a third party social media service or connect your use of our service to a third party social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content you have permitted the third party social media service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends lists , and any information you have disclosed in connection with that social media service . We do not collect your passwords other than in relation to our own services . When you access our services through third party social media services or when you connect your use of our service to third party social media services , you are authorizing us to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy . We usually collect personal information such as your name , address , telephone number , and in some instances , your financial details . When you are online , we collect information regarding the pages within our network which you visit and what you click on . As a general rule we do not collect sensitive information . However , if we do , it will usually be for the purposes of providing our goods or services and if the law requires us to , we will seek your consent to collect it . We use your information to provide our services ( which on digital platforms may include the display of personalised content and advertising ) to you , to fulfil administrative functions associated with these services , for example billing , credit and account management , to enter into contracts with you or third parties and for marketing and client relationship purposes . Where your personal information is contained within an advertisement which we publish for you , we may also use your information for publication of that same advertisement in other media , in accordance with the terms and conditions of the initial publication . Where your personal information is contained in a user generated post or in a communication to an editor or journalist , we may publish your name and suburb to identify you as the author of the comment/correspondence if we choose to publish your comment/correspondence in any media . We may share your information with other companies which are related to News Corp Australia within or outside of Australia . We or they may also , in addition to the other uses described in this policy or as permitted at law , use your personally identifiable information to assist us in improving our products and services and any of us might be in touch to let you know about goods , services , or promotions which may interest you . If you log in with or connect a social media service account with any of our services , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your comments with other users of our services and with your friends associated with your social media service . We may also share the same information with the social media service provider . By logging in with or connecting your account for any of our services with a social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy . If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your account for any of our services and do not participate in social sharing on any of our services . We may disclose your personal information in order to comply with Australian or foreign law . News may disclose your information to its service providers ( including technical infrastructure providers ) and contractors ( including mail houses or debt collection agencies ) from time to time but only to help us to provide , improve and market our goods and services . We may also share your information with third parties who provide prizes for competitions or reader offers . If we do any of these , we generally require the third parties to protect your information at least to the same degree that we do . If you have consented to us doing so , News may also share your information with a third party for the purpose of enabling those third parties to contact you with marketing messages . We may collect and use certain non-personal information ( e.g. , the identity of your Internet browser , the type of operating system you use , your IP address and the domain name of your Internet service provider ) to optimise our goods and services ( which on digital platforms may include the display of personalised content and advertising ) including our Web pages for your computer . We may use such non-personal information for internal purposes , including but not limited to improving the content of our sites . News may use personally identifiable information in aggregate form to improve our goods and services including our Web sites and make them more responsive to the needs of our customers . This statistical compilation and analysis of information may also be used by News or provided to others as a summary report for marketing , advertising or research purposes . News strives to ensure the security , integrity and privacy of personally identifiable information of our customers . We use a variety of physical and electronic security measures including restricting physical access to our offices and firewalls and secure databases to keep personal information secure from misuse , loss or unauthorised use or disclosure . Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure . You have a right to access most personal information we hold about you and if we deny access in some circumstances we will tell you why . To request access , please contact our privacy officer as set out at the end of this document . Any information posted on bulletin boards and/or communicated in chat areas becomes public information . While News strives to protect and respect your privacy , we can not guarantee the security of any information you disclose in a chat room or bulletin board . Cookies are data that a Web site transfers to an individual 's hard drive for record-keeping purposes . Cookies can facilitate a user 's ongoing access to and use of a site . They allow us to track usage patterns and to compile data that can help us improve our content and target advertising . If you do not want information collected through the use of Cookies , there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the Cookie feature . But you should note that Cookies may be necessary to provide you with features such as merchandise transactions or registered services . News may establish relationships with business partners that allow visitors to our Internet sites to link directly to sites operated by these partners . Some of these sites may be " co-branded " with our logo ; however , these sites may not be operated or maintained by or on our behalf . These sites may collect personal information from you that may be shared with us . This Privacy Statement will apply to any personal information we obtain in this manner . News is not responsible for the content or practices of Web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our sites . These links are meant for the user 's convenience only . Links to third party sites do not constitute sponsorship , endorsement or approval by News of the content , policies or practices of those third party sites . Once you have left our site via such a link , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party site . Remember to close your browser when you have finished your user session . This is to ensure that others can not access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet caf . You as an individual are responsible for the security of and access to your own computer . Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information over the Internet that this information can be collected and used by others . In short , if you post personal information in publicly accessible online forums , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return . Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your username and passwords and any account information . Please be careful and responsible whenever you are using the internet . Please contact our Privacy Officer to ask for access to your information or if you have a complaint concerning your information privacy or if you would like more information about our approach to privacy . Privacy Officer , News Corp Australia privacy @ news.com.au 2 Holt Street , Surry Hills , NSW 2010 +612 9288 3000 We may amend our privacy policy from time to time and personal information held by us will be governed by the most recently stated policy . We will post all changes on this page so you should revisit this page from time to time to see any changes . The date of the last update will inform you as to whether there have been changes since your last visit . Last updated : 21 June 2013 
Web Site Privacy Policy General Inquiries : For general inquiries , contact the Houston Chronicle operator at ( 713 ) 362-7171 . ( a ) This privacy policy describes how Houston Chronicle Publishing Company , a division of Hearst Newspapers , LLC , publisher of the Houston Chronicle , and its Affiliates ( collectively , " Newspaper " ) treat the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected about you when you visit the web sites , mobile-optimized versions of the web sites , and digital applications to which this policy is linked ( collectively , " Covered Sites " ) . For the purposes of this policy , an entity controlling , controlled by , or under common control with another entity shall be deemed to be an " Affiliate " , where control means ownership of 15 % or more of the voting stock or other ownership interests . For the purposes of this policy , " Personally Identifiable Information " is information that we can use to identify or contact you as an individual , and includes your name , email address , address , telephone number and any other information that we associate with any of the foregoing . By submitting Personally Identifiable Information through any of our Covered Sites , you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this privacy policy . ( b ) This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Newspaper and only applies to the Covered Sites ( defined above ) . This privacy policy does not apply to Newspaper websites which are not linked to this policy and does not apply to non-Newspaper websites , including those linked to or advertised on a Covered Site . Any information you provide when you visit websites other than those covered by this policy will be subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites . ( c ) We may offer our Newspaper through certain third party websites via a subscription page on such third party websites that is linked to this policy . For the avoidance of doubt , such subscription page is a " Covered Site " and this policy applies to information collected through the subscription page , but does not apply to information collected through the third party website . ( d ) Except as specified herein , this policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline ; however please do be aware that if you subscribe offline to our Newspaper from time to time we make your postal addresses available to companies for marketing purposes . ( e ) Certain features of the Covered Sites may be subject to additional or different privacy provisions , which will be posted on the Covered Site in connection with such features . All such additional or different privacy provisions are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy . ( a ) Information You Provide . Newspaper generally collects Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily provide . For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , participate in a reader panel , register for those portions of our Covered Sites that may require registration , make a purchase , participate in our social networking features , subscribe to our Newspaper , subscribe to receive newsletters , promotional correspondence , or other electronic services , or send us an email or feedback , you may be asked to provide information such as your e-mail address , name , phone number , shipping address , and billing information , and we will collect such information as well as any other content you provide us in engaging in any of the above activities . Information such as your age , gender , hobbies or interests may also be requested . If you elect to post material to any blogs , forums , participate in our social networking features or other community boards that may be offered on our Covered Sites , then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view . ( b ) Cookies . ( i ) Newspaper ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer . A cookie is a small amount of data ( often including a unique identifier ) , that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive . Some of our cookies may be local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies . Cookies may be session cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) . Newspaper uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Covered Sites and in other media . We may use cookies to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns on the sites , to deliver editorial content , to record requests for subscriptions and to personalize information . Our cookies may contain Personally Identifiable Information and such cookies may be shared with others to the same extent indicated in Section 4 . Newspaper ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis ( " Anonymous Information " ) . We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners , advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose . ( ii ) Some of our third party partners ( including advertisers and marketing services companies ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer as well , or we may do so on their behalf . We do not have control over how these third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom . ( iii ) If you do n't want cookies , most Web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them . However , if you set your browser to refuse cookies , some portions of our Covered Sites may not function efficiently . Flash cookies may regenerate HTTP cookies that you have affirmatively deleted . Deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off HTTP cookies as described above will not remove flash cookies . We use flash cookies as an alternative method to HTTP cookies for storing information about your web browsing history across unaffiliated domains , unrelated to the delivery of content through the Flash Player or the performance of the Flash Player in delivering such content . You can manage and delete flash cookies by visiting http : //kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html . ( c ) Gifs . We may use " clear GIFs " ( aka " web beacons " or " pixel tags " ) or similar technologies , in the sites and in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message . A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel , transparent image ( although it can be a visible image as well ) , located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message , which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual 's viewing or receipt of a web page or message . A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you , including your Personally Identifiable Information . ( d ) IP Address . Your Internet Protocol ( " IP " ) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet , like your Internet Service Provider , your company or your university . Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us ( e.g. , another Web site or a search engine ) ; the pages you visit on our Covered Sites , the web sites you visit after this web site ; the ads you see ; the ads you click on ; other information about the type of web browser , computer , platform , related software and settings you are using ; any search terms you have entered on this web site or a referral site ; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers . We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers , gather broad demographic information , and administer our Covered Sites . We may also link this information with your Personally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites , customers or others . ( e ) Location Information . We may , and may enable our advertisers to , collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications , wireless access protocol services ( " WAP Services " ) or mobile phone service ( " Mobile Services " ) . We , or the service provider , will inform you of such collection at the time you use the service . By using such service , you hereby consent to our collection , use and disclosure of your location information as described . ( f ) Third Parties . We may receive information from third parties , including demographic information from your mobile carrier , and information from third parties that solicit subscriptions to our Newspaper . Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy . ( a ) Newspaper uses information we collect from you in part to provide you with the service you have requested . If you subscribe to our Newspaper , we may also use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the Newpaper . Similarly , if you enter online sweepstakes , we will also use this information to notify you if you are a winner . We also use your information to register you , identify you as a user , improve our Covered Sites and services , send you administrative notifications , and respond to your inquiries . We might also send out e-mails to users and sweepstakes/contest entrants to announce special offers , services and announcements from our Covered Sites , our partners and/or our advertisers . We also use information in connection with advertising and to serve other content , as described in section 4 ( d ) below . ( b ) We may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise , including from third parties , for marketing purposes . ( c ) Certain areas on our Covered Sites require registration , and in those areas , you will be asked to establish your own user name and password ( " User Registration " ) . You may elect to change your User Registration at any time by logging in and editing your User Registration ( each of our Covered Sites will contain log-in information ) . You may also log-in to cancel any user User Registration . You may request deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information by us , but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it ( or to keep this information for a certain time , in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements ) . When we delete any information , it will be deleted from the active database , but may remain in our archives . We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes . ( d ) In addition , we may use information you provide us through emails , Q&A , blogs , forums , in response to polls , or through any other user generated submission for editorial purposes , and may use your name and any stories you provide us in articles published online and in our Newspaper . If you provide us with personal anecdotes , they may be attributed to you . Newspaper can edit , rewrite , use , and reuse the content , including your name , likeness , photograph , and biographical information you provide , with or without attribution , including publication in the Newspaper , and in trade media , and advertising . ( e ) We may create Anonymous Information from Personally Identifiable Information by excluding information ( such as your name ) that make the data personally identifiable to you . We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion . ( a ) In addition to the other disclosures described in this policy , Newspaper may ( and you authorize us to ) share or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you to other companies or individuals in the following situations : ( i ) We utilize third party service providers to provide products , services or functions on our behalf ( such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions ) , and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose ( s ) for which we hired them ( " Service Provider Exception " ) . ( ii ) You have entered a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party , in which case the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may be shared by us with that third party for their use in their discretion , including direct marketing . Some of our contests and sweepstakes will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like to have your personal information shared with the sponsor , in which case we will honor your selection . Other contests will not give you that option and in that event , if you do not want your information to be shared , you should not enter the contest . The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies . ( iii ) The entity to whom the information is disclosed is an Affiliate of Newspaper . ( iv ) In accordance with your indicated preferences ( e.g. , you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner ) . ( v ) The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you . ( vi ) You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in ( examples include , without limitation , e-commerce partners , services to help old friends locate you online , etc. ) ; ( vii ) We need to protect our legal rights ( for example , if we are trying to collect money you owe us ) ; we must comply with applicable laws , regulations , or legal or regulatory process , or comply with subpoenas or warrants served on us , or in connection with a legal investigation ; or we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users , or general public , or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right , including our Terms of Use ( collectively , the " Legal Exceptions " ) . ( viii ) In connection with a sale , merger , transfer , exchange , or other disposition ( whether of assets , stock , or otherwise , including via bankruptcy ) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Covered Site to which this policy applies , in which case the company will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this privacy policy ( " Acquisition Exception " ) . ( b ) Social Networks . If you use your login credentials from a social networking site ( e.g. , Facebook or Twitter ) ( " SNS " ) on a Covered Site , we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions ( e.g. , terms of use and privacy policy ) of the SNS ( " SNS Terms " ) . If you elect to share your information with these SNS , we will share information with them in accordance with your election . The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them . ( c ) Third Party Partners . Some of our Covered Sites may from time to time partner with a retailer or other third party to offer online shopping opportunities , games , services , subscriptions and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis . Those transactions may take place on a Covered Site , or the site of the third party . In either case , Personally Identifiable Information you provide in connection with the transaction may be collected directly by , or shared by Newspaper with , the third party , as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such opportunities and features . Some of our Covered Sites may offer you the ability to access a third-party site with whom we have a relationship to access both sites through a co-branded registration or password ; in that event , your applicable registration information may be collected directly by , or shared by Newspaper with , the third-party partner . We will notify you at the applicable point of sign up if any such co-branded registration or password practices will be in effect . These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy . One of oour third party partners is the News Registry , a service operated by the News Licensing Group , LLC . The News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity . Your continued readership of our Covered Sites means you accept the privacy policy of the News Registry . Please refer to the News Registry privacy policy at http : //newsregistry.com/privacycenter/servicepolicy.aspx for further information . ( d ) Delivery of Advertising and Other Content . ( i ) In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly , we use third-party advertising companies and marketing services companies to serve ads and other content when you visit our Covered Sites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media . Both we and these companies may use information about your visits to this Covered Site and elsewhere to serve ads and other content to you . In the course of doing so , a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser by such companies . In addition , we and these companies may use Web beacons to help manage our online advertising and content . These Web beacons enable us and the third-party companies to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website and to serve you ads that you may find of interest elsewhere on the internet and in other media . Both Newspaper and these companies may use information obtained from your visits to the Covered Sites ( including your status as a customer of Newspaper ) , other websites , and information received from you offline in order to provide advertisements about goods and services and other content of interest to you across the internet and in other media . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used in this manner , our third party advertising companies please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp . You may also visit http : //alc-opt-out.com to find out how our marketing services companies operate . Ads in our videos may be served by an ad partner . You can find out more about our video ads by visiting www.newsinc.com/privacypolicy.html. ( ii ) In addition , we may provide Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information to marketing services companies . This may include information we received from you offline or online . These companies may combine information we provide ( including Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information ) with personal and anonymous information they may have about you , using cookies they place or that we place on their behalf , as described in Section 2 ( b ) . We require these companies to delete the Personally Identifiable Information we provide them . These companies may use the resulting non-personal information and such cookies for their own marketing purposes , and they may provide the same to their customers for their customer 's marketing purposes . If you would like to know your choices about not having this information used by such companies , please visit : http : //alc-opt-out.com . ( a ) California Users : Your California Privacy Rights ..  California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . Alternatively , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing . We have such a policy in place . Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for the third parties ' direct or indirect marketing purposes , in accordance with such laws . In addition to reviewing Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) , if you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83 , you may notify us in writing at 801 Texas Avenue , Houston TX , 77002 , ATTN : Privacy or contacting us at privacy @ chron.com . Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities . Again , Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes , in accordance with such laws . For the avoidance of doubt , these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users . ( b ) Mobile Opt-out . We may provide you messages , including marketing , via your wireless email address or by short message service ( " SMS Service " ) , WAP or Mobile Services as described in Section 6 . You may opt-out of these messages from us by replying " STOP " or following the instructions provided in the message . ( c ) Marketing provided by Newspaper . From time to time we may send you promotional materials on behalf of Newspaper and/or third parties . If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your email , you may follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email or manage your preferences at https : //myaccount.houstonchronicle.com/SecurePage/EmailNotification.aspx if you are a print subscriber , and/or http : //reg.chron.com/users/852557/edit if you have registered for email notifications on Chron.com . If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your postal mailing address , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to 801 Texas Avenue , Houston TX , 77002 , ATTN : Privacy or contacting us at privacy @ chron.com . Certain Covered Sites may include a customer service link at the bottom of such site . If so , you may also manage your email preferences through that link . ( d ) Marketing provided by Third Parties . From time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes . This may be information we received from you offline and online . If you want us to stop further sharing your email contact information with third parties ( if we have your email contact information ) , you may notify us at privacy @ chron.com . If you want us to stop further sharing your postal mailing contact information with third parties ( if we have your postal address ) , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to 801 Texas Avenue , Houston TX , 77002 , ATTN : Privacy or contacting us at privacy @ chron.com . If you wish to opt out of having your information shared with marketing services companies , please see section 4 ( d ) above .Please follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages . ( e ) Exceptions . If you have opted-out as described above , and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party ( e.g. , you enter into a contest or sweepstakes or use an ecommerce service after opting-out ) , then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service . Despite your indicated preferences , we may send you service related communications , including notices about your subscription , and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception , Legal Exceptions , and Acquisition Exception described above . ( f ) Device Settings . Our digital applications may provide you alerts and you can change your preferences regarding these alerts through your device settings . If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address , you agree to receive messages at such address from Newspaper or from third parties . Similarly , we may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device SMS Service or WAP Services . We may also make available content and versions of our Covered Sites available via WAP and Mobile Services . If you subscribe to one of our SMS , WAP or Mobile Services , you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes . Such messages may come from Newspaper , or from third parties . To use the wireless email address , SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you must reside in the United States . We may also obtain the date , time and content of your messages . We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage , and their practices are governed by their own policies . By providing us your wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you consent to receiving messages as described above . You understand that your wireless carrier 's standard rates apply to these messages . You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received , and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges . We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure . We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information . Please do not disclose your registration password to unauthorized people . No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however . Therefore , while Newspaper uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information , Newspaper can not guarantee its absolute security . The Covered Sites are not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 . If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties . Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so . There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children 's exposure to material online . If you are located outside of the United States , please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States , where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country . By using this Covered Site , you consent to this transfer and processing . You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this Covered Site in the federal and state courts of , and in accordance with the laws of , the state of New York . This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision , and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personally Identifiable Information , we will prominently post notice of the changes on our Covered Sites . Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Covered Sites . These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Covered Sites . Continued use of our Covered Sites , following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes . Last Update : August 21 , 2013 
Privacy Policy Last Updated : November 18 , 2013 Bloomberg L.P. ( " BLP " ) respects the privacy rights of our users and is strongly committed to protecting your privacy . This Privacy Policy applies to this Web site , any newsletters subscribed to via this Web site , information collected and provided to BLP when you subscribe to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek at third-party websites and applications , and information collected offline when you subscribe to the print edition of Bloomberg Businessweek , but does not apply to any other products or services or to information collected in any other way ( whether offline or online ) by BLP , its general and limited partners , and its subsidiaries , and their respective general partners and affiliates ( collectively " Bloomberg " ) , unless expressly indicated by Bloomberg ( such as by including a link to this Privacy Policy on other Bloomberg websites or on Bloomberg mobile applications ) . BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information that you voluntarily provide on this Web site , on third-party websites and applications when subscribing to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek , or offline in connection with your Bloomberg Businessweek print edition subscription , which may include your name , address , e-mail address , credit card number , billing information , etc . For example , BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information when you register on this Web site , request certain Bloomberg services or products , or submit the information to enter a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion . This information is used to provide you your requested service or product and to communicate with you . We use any credit card or payment information we acquire from you to fulfill your order . Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information , Bloomberg may use your personal information to provide you with information , special offers , and promotions via various means including e-mail . You may instruct BLP at any time not to use your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy to provide you with information , special offers , and promotions by clicking here . You can also update your settings for receiving offers and promotions by email by clicking here . Please note that if you exercise choice in this manner , you will continue to receive communications concerning your account and products and services you requested , and in response to any requests for information by you . Your choice does not apply to any other Bloomberg products or services to which you may subscribe or purchase . Please also note that this opt-out process may take some time to complete , consistent with applicable law . BLP and the parties with whom we work ( e.g. , service providers , business partners ) may place , view , and/or use " cookies , " Web server logs , Web beacons , or other electronic tools to collect statistical and other information about your use of this Web site and other websites . This information may include information about the IP address of your computer , browser type , language , operating system , your mobile device , geo-location data , the state or country from which you accessed this Web site , the Web pages visited , the date and the time of a visit , and the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting this Web site . BLP and the parties with whom we work may use the information collected for various reasons , either on behalf of Bloomberg or for the other parties ' own purposes , including research , analysis , to better serve visitors to this Web site ( such as by enabling log-in , providing access to certain sections of this Web site , providing customized content , or presenting online advertising on this Web site or other websites tailored to your interests as described further below ) , to compile aggregate and anonymous information about usage of this Web site and other websites , other statistics , etc . However , if you have deleted and disabled cookies , these uses will not be possible to the extent they are based on cookie information . To assist us with the uses described in this Privacy Policy , information collected about your use of this Web site or other websites may be combined with personal or other information about you from other online or offline sources . If you prefer that we not combine non-personal information that has been collected , through cookies , about your use of this Web site or other websites with personal or other information about you , then please delete and disable cookies for each browser , on each computer you use to surf the Web . Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default . If you prefer , you can usually set your browser to disable cookies , or to alert you when cookies are being sent . Likewise , most mobile devices allow you to disable the ability for geo-location information to be collected from your mobile device . The help function on most browsers and mobile devices contains instructions on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies , disable cookies entirely , or disable the collection of geo-location data . You need to set each browser , on each device you use to surf the Web . Thus , if you use multiple browsers ( e.g. , AOL , Safari , Internet Explorer , Firefox , etc. ) , you should repeat this procedure with each one . Similarly , if you connect to the Web from multiple devices ( e.g. , work and home ) , you need to set each browser on each device . However , if you disable cookies or refuse to accept a request to place a cookie , it is possible that some parts of this Web site , such as the polls , surveys , contests , and product sales , and certain areas of the Web site for which you need to log in , will not function properly , and the advertising you receive when you visit this Web site may not be advertisements tailored to your interests . BLP , its designated service providers , or third-party advertisers or their advertising servers may also place or recognize unique cookies on your computer or use other electronic tools in order to help display advertisements that you see on this Web site or on other websites . Information about your visits to , and activity on , this Web site and other websites , an IP address , the number of times you have viewed an advertisement , and other such usage information is used , alone or in combination with other information , to display on your device screen advertisements that may be of particular interest to you . We may use Web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage and optimize our online advertising and product performance . Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this Web site , and to learn which banner ads bring users to this Web site . The use and collection of your information by these third-party service providers , and third-party advertisers and their advertising servers is not covered by this Privacy Policy . For information about online behavioral advertising networks and how to " opt out " of advertising cookies placed by the Network Advertising Initiative 's ( " NAI " ) member networks , please click here . Note that even if you opt out of cookies placed by the NAI member networks , you will still receive online advertising . BLP 's designated service providers assist BLP with advertisement display functions and related analytics for this Web site . For a list of these designated service providers and more information about their anonymous information collection and use practices , please click here . BLP may share your personal and other information with our affiliates ( including affiliated websites under common ownership or control ) and designated service providers . BLP may share with other third parties information about our Web site users , such as your use of this Web site or other websites , and the services provided on this Web site or other websites , but only on an anonymous and aggregate basis . Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information , BLP may also share your personal information with a sponsor or other third party ( " Third-Party Provider " ) that provides you with special offers or promotions that may be of interest to you . You may instruct BLP at any time not to share your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy with such Third-Party Providers by clicking here . Please note that ( i ) this opt-out process may take some time to complete , consistent with applicable law ; and ( ii ) even after such opt-out process is completed , your personal and other information may continue to be shared with our affiliates ( including affiliated websites under common ownership or control ) and designated service providers . If you participate in certain features of this Web site ( e.g. , sharing news stories of interest ) , please note that any information you or others voluntarily disclose through use of these features , becomes available to the public and/or other users whom you have designated . If you choose to provide access to designated individuals , please be aware that any information you post will be visible to such individuals for their use . Bloomberg is not responsible for the information that you or others choose to disclose publicly on this Web site , and neither Bloomberg 's nor others ' use of such information is subject to this Privacy Policy . BLP may also disclose your personal and other information to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary : ( a ) to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena , court order , government request , or other legal process ; ( b ) to produce relevant documents or information in connection with litigation , arbitration , mediation , adjudication , government or internal investigations , or other legal or administrative proceedings ; ( c ) to protect the interests , rights , safety , or property of Bloomberg or others ; ( d ) to enforce any terms of service on this Web site ; ( e ) to provide you and other users of this Web site with the services or products requested by you and/or the other users ( including allowing a purchaser of BLP or a BLP division to continue to serve you ) , and to perform other activities related to such services and products , including billing and collection ; ( f ) to provide you with special offers or promotions from Bloomberg that may be of interest to you ; or ( g ) to operate Bloomberg 's systems properly . The collection , further use , and/or disclosure of your information by Third-Party Providers or by other third parties is not the responsibility of Bloomberg . Rather , such collection , use , and/or disclosure is governed by the third parties ' privacy policies . Any personal information you provide to BLP is kept on secure servers . BLP uses reasonable administrative , technical , personnel , and physical measures ( a ) to safeguard personal information against loss , theft , unauthorized use , disclosure , or modification ; and ( b ) to ensure the integrity of the personal information . To help us protect your privacy , you should maintain the secrecy of the logon ID and password you may have set up in connection with your participation in this Web site 's service . To access , review , rectify , or delete your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy , please contact us by clicking here . While BLP will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request , we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such access requests , if allowed or required by applicable laws . Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this Privacy Policy may involve the transfer of your personal information to various countries around the world that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country . By submitting your personal information , you consent to such transfers . BLP may provide links to third-party websites , including social networking websites . Since we do not control third-party sites and are not responsible for any information you may provide while on such sites , we encourage you to read the privacy policies on those websites before providing any of your information on such sites . If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us by clicking here . If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by BLP to its affiliates and/or third parties for their direct marketing purposes . To make such a request , please send an email with your first name , last name , mailing address , email address and telephone number to privacy @ bloomberg.com . Please include " California Privacy Rights " in the Subject line of your email . You may also make such a request by writing to us at : Bloomberg L.P. Attn : Legal Department 731 Lexington Avenue New York , NY 10022 BLP reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions on this Web page . Such changes will be effective upon posting . 
Fairfax Privacy Policy In this policy , " us " , " we " or " our " means Fairfax Media Limited ( ABN 15 008 663 161 ) and its related bodies corporate . This policy sets out : what kind of information we collect ; how we collect it ; why we collect it ; how we use it ; how we disclose it ; opting in and out ; management and security ; how to seek access to and update your personal information ; and how to contact us . We are bound by the National Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 ( Cwth ) ( subject to exemptions that apply to us under that Act ) . We may , from time to time , review and update this policy , including to take account of new or amended laws , new technology and/or changes to our operations . All personal information held by us will be governed by the most recently updated policy . This policy was last updated in January 2011 . In general , the personal information we collect about you includes ( but is not limited to ) your name , contact details ( including phone numbers and addresses ) and possibly financial information , including your credit card information . We also collect information about you that is not personal information . For example , we may collect data relating to your activity on our websites ( including IP addresses ) via tracking technologies such as cookies , or we may collect information from you in response to a survey . We generally use this information to report statistics , analyse trends , administer our services , diagnose problems and target and improve the quality of our products and services . To the extent this information does not constitute personal information , the National Privacy Principles do not apply and we may use this information for any purpose and by any means whatsoever . We generally advise that you do not publish or communicate personal information , or at least limit the personal information that you publish or communicate , to the public via our services , such as in our classifieds , forums or blogs ( Non-Confidential Information ) . You acknowledge that we can not control any third party collection or use of your Non-Confidential Information . You agree that we may use and disclose Non-Confidential Information for any purpose and by any means whatsoever . We may collect your personal information from a variety of sources , including from you , advertisers , mailing lists , recruitment agencies , contractors and business partners . We may collect your personal information when you request or acquire a product or service from us , register with us as a member , provide a product or service to us , complete a survey or questionnaire , enter a competition or event , contribute in a fundraising event , participate in our services ( including our radio programs , blogs and forums ) or when you communicate with us by e-mail , telephone or in writing ( for example if you contact customer service to make a complaint or provide feedback ) . If , at any time , you provide personal or other information about someone other than yourself , you warrant that you have that person 's consent to provide such information for the purpose specified . The primary purpose for which we collect information about you is to provide you with products and services you have requested . We also collect information about you for the purposes outlined below . We may state a more specific purpose at the point we collect your information . If you do not provide us with the information that we request , we may not be able to provide you with our products or services . For example , if you do not register as a member of a website , you will not be able to access features or services that are reserved for members only . In addition to the primary purpose outlined above , we may use the personal information we collect , and you consent to us using your personal information : to provide you with news and information about our products and services ; to send marketing and promotional material that we believe you may be interested in . This material may relate to any of Fairfax 's businesses or a third party business which we believe may be of interest to you ; for purposes necessary or incidental to the provision of goods and services to you ; to personalise and customise your experiences ; to manage and enhance our products and services ; to communicate with you , including by email , mail or telephone ; to conduct competitions or promotions on behalf of Fairfax and selected third parties ; to verify your identity ; to investigate any complaints about or made by you , or if we have reason to suspect that you are in breach of any of our terms and conditions or that you are or have been otherwise engaged in any unlawful activity ; and/or as required or permitted by any law ( including the Privacy Act ) . We may disclose personal information , and you consent to us disclosing your personal information , to other members of the Fairfax Group ( in which case , your personal information will be collected , used , disclosed , managed and stored in accordance with this policy ) . We may also disclose personal information , and you consent to us disclosing your personal information , to third parties : engaged by us to perform functions or provide products and services on our behalf , such as newsagents , processing credit card information , mailouts , debt collection , marketing , research and advertising ; that are our agents , business partners or joint venture entities or partners ; that sponsor or promote any competition that we conduct or promote via our services ; authorised by you to receive information held by us ; as part of any investigation into you or your activity , for example , if we have reason to suspect that you have committed a breach of any of our terms and conditions , or have otherwise been engaged in any unlawful activity , and we reasonably believe that disclosure is necessary to the Police , any relevant authority or enforcement body , or your Internet Service Provider or network administrator ; as part of a sale ( or proposed sale ) of all or part of our business ; and/or as required or permitted by any law ( including the Privacy Act ) . At the point we collect information from you , you may be asked to opt in to consent to us using or disclosing your personal information other than in accordance with this policy or any applicable law . For example , you may be asked to opt-in to receive further information or communications from our advertisers and supporters which do not fall into one of the categories described above . You will generally be given the opportunity to opt out from receiving communications from us or from third parties that send communications to you in accordance with this policy . For example , you will be given the option to unsubscribe from e-newsletters and other marketing or promotional material sent by us . You may opt out from receiving these communications by either clicking on an unsubscribe link at the end of an email or by updating your personal details on our Member Centre page . You may also cancel your account on our Member Centre page . If you receive communications purporting to be connected with us or our services that you believe have been sent to you other than in accordance with this policy , or in breach of any law , please write to us using this form . We have appointed a Privacy Officer to oversee the management of personal information in accordance with this policy and the Privacy Act . Other than in relation to Non-Confidential Information , we will take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information that we hold from misuse , loss , or unauthorised access , including by means of firewalls , pass word access , secure servers and encryption of credit card transactions . However , you acknowledge that the security of online transactions and the security of communications sent by electronic means or by post can not be guaranteed . You provide information to us via the internet or by post at your own risk . We can not accept responsibility for misuse or loss of , or unauthorised access to , your personal information where the security of information is not within our control . You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of any third party ( including third parties that we are permitted to disclose your personal information to in accordance with this policy or any applicable laws ) . The collection and use of your information by such third party/ies may be subject to separate privacy and security policies . If you suspect any misuse or loss of , or unauthorised access to , your personal information , please let us know immediately . Subject to some exceptions in the Privacy Act , you have the right to seek access to and update the personal information we hold about you . If you make an access request , we will ask you to verify your identity . We may charge a fee to cover the costs of meeting your request . Members of our websites will generally be able to access and update their membership details online . We request that you keep your information as current as possible so that we may continue to improve our service to you . If you would like to seek access to personal information we hold about you , or if you have any questions or complaints about how we collect , use , disclose , manage or store your personal information , you can contact the department that collected your personal information in the first instance , or write to :  Privacy Officer GPO Box 506 Sydney NSW 2001 Tracking and Targeting Policy Fairfax Facebook App privacy policy 
Privacy policy at SFGate Privacy Policy General Inquiries For general inquiries , contact the Chronicle operator . 415-777-1111 Toll-free USA 800-247-6642 ( a ) This privacy policy describes how San Francisco Chronicle , a division of Hearst Communications , Inc. , publisher of the San Francisco Chronicle , and its Affiliates ( collectively , " Newspaper " ) , treat the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected about you when you visit the web sites , mobile-optimized versions of the web sites , and digital applications to which this policy is linked ( collectively , " Covered Sites " ) . For the purposes of this policy , an entity controlling , controlled by , or under common control with another entity shall be deemed to be an " Affiliate " , where control means ownership of 15 % or more of the voting stock or other ownership interests . For the purposes of this policy , " Personally Identifiable Information " is information that we can use to identify or contact you as an individual , and includes your name , email address , address , telephone number and any other information that we associate with any of the foregoing . By submitting Personally Identifiable Information through any of our Covered Sites , you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this privacy policy . ( b ) This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Newspaper and only applies to the Covered Sites ( defined above ) . This privacy policy does not apply to Newspaper websites which are not linked to this policy and does not apply to non-Newspaper websites , including those linked to or advertised on a Covered Site . Any information you provide when you visit websites other than those covered by this policy will be subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites . ( c ) We may offer our Newspaper through certain third party websites via a subscription page on such third party websites that is linked to this policy . For the avoidance of doubt , such subscription page is a " Covered Site " and this policy applies to information collected through the subscription page , but does not apply to information collected through the third party website . ( d ) Except as specified herein , this policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline ; however please do be aware that if you subscribe offline to our Newspaper from time to time we make your postal addresses available to companies for marketing purposes . ( e ) Certain features of the Covered Sites may be subject to additional or different privacy provisions , which will be posted on the Covered Site in connection with such features . All such additional or different privacy provisions are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy . ( a ) Information You Provide . Newspaper generally collects Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily provide . For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , participate in a reader panel , register for those portions of our Covered Sites that may require registration , make a purchase , participate in our social networking features , subscribe to our Newspaper , subscribe to receive newsletters , promotional correspondence , or other electronic services , or send us an email or feedback , you may be asked to provide information such as your e-mail address , name , phone number , shipping address , and billing information , and we will collect such information as well as any other content you provide us in engaging in any of the above activities . Information such as your age , gender , hobbies or interests may also be requested . If you elect to post material to any blogs , forums , participate in our social networking features or other community boards that may be offered on our Covered Sites , then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view . ( b ) Cookies . ( i ) Newspaper ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer . A cookie is a small amount of data ( often including a unique identifier ) , that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive . Some of our cookies may be local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies . Cookies may be session cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) . Newspaper uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Covered Sites and in other media . We may use cookies to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns on the sites , to deliver editorial content , to record requests for subscriptions and to personalize information . Our cookies may contain Personally Identifiable Information and such cookies may be shared with others to the same extent indicated in Section 4 . Newspaper ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis ( " Anonymous Information " ) . We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners , advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose . ( ii ) Some of our third party partners ( including advertisers and marketing services companies ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer as well , or we may do so on their behalf . We do not have control over how these third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom . ( iii ) If you do n't want cookies , most Web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them . However , if you set your browser to refuse cookies , some portions of our Covered Sites may not function efficiently . Flash cookies may regenerate HTTP cookies that you have affirmatively deleted . Deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off HTTP cookies as described above will not remove flash cookies . We use flash cookies as an alternative method to HTTP cookies for storing information about your web browsing history across unaffiliated domains , unrelated to the delivery of content through the Flash Player or the performance of the Flash Player in delivering such content . You can manage and delete flash cookies by visiting http : //kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html . ( c ) Gifs . We may use " clear GIFs " ( aka " web beacons " or " pixel tags " ) or similar technologies , in the sites and in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message . A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel , transparent image ( although it can be a visible image as well ) , located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message , which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual 's viewing or receipt of a web page or message . A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you , including your Personally Identifiable Information . ( d ) IP Address . Your Internet Protocol ( " IP " ) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet , like your Internet Service Provider , your company or your university . Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us ( e.g. , another Web site or a search engine ) ; the pages you visit on our Covered Sites , the web sites you visit after this web site ; the ads you see ; the ads you click on ; other information about the type of web browser , computer , platform , related software and settings you are using ; any search terms you have entered on this web site or a referral site ; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers . We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers , gather broad demographic information , and administer our Covered Sites . We may also link this information with your Personally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites , customers or others . ( e ) Location Information . We may , and may enable our advertisers to , collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications , wireless access protocol services ( " WAP Services " ) or mobile phone service ( " Mobile Services " ) . We , or the service provider , will inform you of such collection at the time you use the service . By using such service , you hereby consent to our collection , use and disclosure of your location information as described . ( f ) Third Parties . We may receive information from third parties , including demographic information from your mobile carrier , and information from third parties that solicit subscriptions to our Newspaper . Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy . ( a ) Newspaper uses information we collect from you in part to provide you with the service you have requested . If you subscribe to our Newspaper , we may also use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the Newspaper . Similarly , if you enter online sweepstakes , we will also use this information to notify you if you are a winner . We also use your information to register you , identify you as a user , improve our Covered Sites and services , send you administrative notifications , and respond to your inquiries . We might also send out e-mails to users and sweepstakes/contest entrants to announce special offers , services and announcements from our Covered Sites , our partners and/or our advertisers . We also use information in connection with advertising and to serve other content , as described in section 4 ( d ) below . ( b ) We may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise , including from third parties , for marketing purposes . ( c ) Certain areas on our Covered Sites require registration , and in those areas , you will be asked to establish your own user name and password ( " User Registration " ) . You may elect to change your User Registration at any time by logging in and editing your User Registration ( each of our Covered Sites will contain log-in information ) . You may also log-in to cancel any User Registration . You may request deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information by us , but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it ( or to keep this information for a certain time , in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements ) . When we delete any information , it will be deleted from the active database , but may remain in our archives . We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes . ( d ) In addition , we may use information you provide us through emails , Q&A , blogs , forums , in response to polls , or through any other user generated submission for editorial purposes , and may use your name and any stories you provide us in articles published online and in our Newspaper . If you provide us with personal anecdotes , they may be attributed to you . Newspaper can edit , rewrite , use , and reuse the content , including your name , likeness , photograph , and biographical information you provide , with or without attribution , including publication in the Newspaper , and in trade media , and advertising . ( e ) We may create Anonymous Information from Personally Identifiable Information by excluding information ( such as your name ) that make the data personally identifiable to you . We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion . ( a ) In addition to the other disclosures described in this policy , Newspaper may ( and you authorize us to ) share or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you to other companies or individuals in the following situations : ( i ) We utilize third party service providers to provide products , services or functions on our behalf ( such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions ) , and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose ( s ) for which we hired them ( " Service Provider Exception " ) . ( ii ) You have entered a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party , in which case the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may be shared by us with that third party for their use in their discretion , including direct marketing . Some of our contests and sweepstakes will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like to have your personal information shared with the sponsor , in which case we will honor your selection . Other contests will not give you that option and in that event , if you do not want your information to be shared , you should not enter the contest . The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies . ( iii ) The entity to whom the information is disclosed is an Affiliate of Newspaper . ( iv ) In accordance with your indicated preferences ( e.g. , you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner ) . ( v ) The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you . ( vi ) You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in ( examples include , without limitation , e-commerce partners , services to help old friends locate you online , etc. ) ;  ( vii ) We need to protect our legal rights ( for example , if we are trying to collect money you owe us ) ; we must comply with applicable laws , regulations , or legal or regulatory process , or comply with subpoenas or warrants served on us , or in connection with a legal investigation ; or we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users , or general public , or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right , including our Terms of Use ( collectively , the " Legal Exceptions " ) . ( viii ) In connection with a sale , merger , transfer , exchange , or other disposition ( whether of assets , stock , or otherwise , including via bankruptcy ) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Covered Site to which this policy applies , in which case the company will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this privacy policy ( " Acquisition Exception " ) . ( b ) Social Networks . If you use your login credentials from a social networking site ( e.g. , Facebook or Twitter ) ( " SNS " ) on a Covered Site , we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions ( e.g. , terms of use and privacy policy ) of the SNS ( " SNS Terms " ) . If you elect to share your information with these SNS , we will share information with them in accordance with your election . The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them . ( c ) Third Party Partners . Some of our Covered Sites may from time to time partner with a retailer or other third party to offer online shopping opportunities , games , services , subscriptions and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis . Those transactions may take place on a Covered Site , or the site of the third party . In either case , Personally Identifiable Information you provide in connection with the transaction may be collected directly by , or shared by Newspaper with , the third party , as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such opportunities and features . Some of our Covered Sites may offer you the ability to access a third-party site with whom we have a relationship to access both sites through a co-branded registration or password ; in that event , your applicable registration information may be collected directly by , or shared by Newspaper with , the third-party partner . We will notify you at the applicable point of sign up if any such co-branded registration or password practices will be in effect . These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy . One of our third party partners is the News Registry , a service operated by the News Licensing Group , LLC . The News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity . Your continued readership of our Covered Sites means you accept the privacy policy of the News Registry . Please refer to the News Registry privacy policy at http : //newsregistry.com/privacycenter/servicepolicy.aspx for further information . ( d ) Delivery of Advertising and Other Content . ( i ) In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly , we use third-party advertising companies and marketing services companies to serve ads and other content when you visit our Covered Sites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media . Both we and these companies may use information about your visits to this Covered Site and elsewhere to serve ads and other content to you . In the course of doing so , a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser by such companies . In addition , we and these companies may use Web beacons to help manage our online advertising and content . These Web beacons enable us and the third-party companies to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website and to serve you ads that you may find of interest elsewhere on the internet and in other media . Both Newspaper and these companies may use information obtained from your visits to the Covered Sites ( including your status as a customer of Newspaper ) , other websites , and information received from you offline in order to provide advertisements about goods and services and other content of interest to you across the internet and in other media . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used in this manner by our third party advertising companies please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp . You may also visit sfgate.com to find out how our marketing services companies operate . Ads in our videos may be served by an ad partner . You can find out more about our video ads by visiting http : //www.newsinc.com/privacypolicy.html . ( ii ) In addition , we may provide Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information to marketing services companies . This may include information we received from you offline or online . These companies may combine information we provide ( including Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information ) with personal and anonymous information they may have about you , using cookies they place or that we place on their behalf , as described in Section 2 ( b ) . We require these companies to delete the Personally Identifiable Information we provide them . These companies may use the resulting non-personal information and such cookies for their own marketing purposes , and they may provide the same to their customers for their customer 's marketing purposes . If you would like to know your choices about not having this information used by such companies , please visit : privacy @ sfgate.com . ( a ) California Users : Your California Privacy Rights ..  California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . Alternatively , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing . We have such a policy in place . Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for the third parties ' direct or indirect marketing purposes , in accordance with such laws . In addition to reviewing Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) , if you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83 , you may notify us in writing at SFGate , Attn : Customer Service , 901 Mission Street , San Francisco or contact us at privacy @ sfgate.com . Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities . Again , Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes , in accordance with such laws . For the avoidance of doubt , these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users . ( b ) Mobile Opt-out . We may provide you messages , including marketing , via your wireless email address or by short message service ( " SMS Service " ) , WAP or Mobile Services as described in Section 6 . You may opt-out of these messages from us by replying " STOP " or following the instructions provided in the message . ( c ) Marketing provided by Newspaper . From time to time we may send you promotional materials on behalf of Newspaper and/or third parties . If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your email , you may follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email or manage your preferences at sfgate.com . If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your postal mailing address , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to San Francisco Chronicle , Attn : Customer Service , 901 Mission Street , San Francisco , CA 94103 or contacting us at privacy @ sfgate.com . Certain Covered Sites may include a customer service link at the bottom of such site . If so , you may also manage your email preferences through that link . ( d ) Marketing provided by Third Parties . From time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes . This may be information we received from you offline and online . If you want us to stop further sharing your email contact information with third parties ( if we have your email contact information ) , you may notify us at privacy @ sfgate.com . If you want us to stop further sharing your postal mailing contact information with third parties ( if we have your postal address ) , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to San Francisco Chronicle , Attn : Customer Service , 901 Mission Street , San Francisco , CA 94103 or contacting us at privacy @ sfgate.com . If you wish to opt out of having your information shared with marketing services companies , please see section 4 ( d ) above .Please follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages . ( e ) Exceptions . If you have opted-out as described above , and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party ( e.g. , you enter into a contest or sweepstakes or use an ecommerce service after opting-out ) , then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service . Despite your indicated preferences , we may send you service related communications , including notices about your subscription , and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception , Legal Exceptions , and Acquisition Exception described above . ( f ) Device Settings . Our digital applications may provide you alerts and you can change your preferences regarding these alerts through your device settings . If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address , you agree to receive messages at such address from Newspaper or from third parties . Similarly , we may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device SMS Service or WAP Services . We may also make available content and versions of our Covered Sites available via WAP and Mobile Services . If you subscribe to one of our SMS , WAP or Mobile Services , you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes . Such messages may come from Newspaper , or from third parties . To use the wireless email address , SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you must reside in the United States . We may also obtain the date , time and content of your messages . We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage , and their practices are governed by their own policies . By providing us your wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you consent to receiving messages as described above . You understand that your wireless carrier 's standard rates apply to these messages . You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received , and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges . We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure . We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information . Please do not disclose your registration password to unauthorized people . No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however . Therefore , while Newspaper uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information , Newspaper can not guarantee its absolute security . The Covered Sites are not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 . If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties . Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so . There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children 's exposure to material online . If you are located outside of the United States , please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States , where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country . By using this Covered Site , you consent to this transfer and processing . You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this Covered Site in the federal and state courts of , and in accordance with the laws of , the state of New York . This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision , and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personally Identifiable Information , we will prominently post notice of the changes on our Covered Sites . Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Covered Sites . These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Covered Sites . Continued use of our Covered Sites , following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes . Last Update : October 18 , 2012 
The National Geographic Society and our subsidiary , NGHT , LLC , which also is known as nationalgeographic.com ( collectively , National Geographic , we or our ) understand the importance of our customers ' privacy . This Privacy Policy tells you what information we collect about you when you visit this website ( our Site ) or use an online application that contains a link to this Privacy Policy . Our Privacy Policy also tells you how we use , share and protect this information ; what choices you have about how this information is used ; and how you can access and update this information . Our Site offers certain content , activities , games and services , which are referred to as the Services . This Privacy Policy applies to information collected on the Site where this Privacy Policy is posted , with the exception of the sections of this Site that are intended for visits from children under the age of 13 , including www.nationalgeographic.com/kids , www.littlekids.nationalgeographic.com , and certain online features specifically designed for kids . In recognition of the need to provide additional privacy protections for children , we have a separate privacy policy that applies to those sections . To read the Kids ' privacy policy , please click here . Certain aspects of this Privacy Policy also apply to the personally identifiable information we collect offline . For purposes of this Privacy Policy , personally identifiable information means information that identifies and can be used to contact a particular individual , such as name , postal address , email address , and phone number . When other information , such as email newsletter choices , magazine or product purchases , or consumer product preferences , is associated with personally identifiable information , this other information also becomes personally identifiable information . Information You Provide Directly to National Geographic If you are interested in obtaining information , products or services from National Geographic , or in participating in certain activities on this Site , you may need to provide us with information about yourself . For example :  If you order a product from us , we ask for your name , postal address , email address , telephone number and your credit card number . If you are ordering a product as a gift for another person , we will ask you for that person 's name , postal address and phone number in order to enable us to deliver the gift to the recipient . If you participate in an activity such as a survey or sweepstakes , we may also ask you to provide other types of information such as gender and personal interests , which we may associate with personally identifiable information that we have obtained about you . In addition , we may combine personally identifiable information that you have provided to us with other information that is publicly available or that we receive from other sources . Information We Collect Automatically In addition to information you choose to provide to us , we also use standard Internet technologies to collect automatically certain additional information . For example : IP Address . When you come to our Site , we collect your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , which identifies the computer or service provider that you use to access the Site . We may use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which specific visitors visit various parts of our Site . We may combine this information with personally identifiable information that we have collected to make our Site and our communications to you more targeted to your interests . Cookies . Our Site also uses cookies . Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user 's computer and allow websites to remember information about users . We use cookies for a variety of purposes in order to enhance the quality of our Site . We use transient ( also called session ID ) cookies to provide continuity from page to page . A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser . We also use persistent cookies . Persistent cookies allow our online store and certain other parts of our Site to recognize your browser when you return after your first visit to that part of our Site . Cookies allow us to personalize your return visits to our Site and to save you time during certain activities , such as checking out from our online store . You have the choice to set your browser to accept all cookies , reject all cookies , or notify you when a cookie is set . ( Each browser is different , so check the " Help " menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. )  It is up to you whether to allow us to send you cookies . However , if you do not accept cookies from us , your ability to use some areas of our Site will be limited , such as our shopping cart feature or online games . Web beacons and other technologies . The Site uses other tracking tools , including web beacons . Web beacons are images on the Site ( or in emails that the Site sends to you ) that help us determine what parts of the Site you have visited , whether you have opened an email that we have sent to you , or otherwise to measure the effectiveness of the Site . These technical methods may involve the transmission of information directly to us or to a service provider authorized by us to collect information on our behalf . Click here for more information about how we use a third party service to collect and use information on this Site . The information we collect automatically may be combined with information that is personally identifiable so that we can make our Site and communications more interesting to you . Third-Party Online Advertising Some of the advertisements you see on this Site and other websites are delivered by third parties who also collect information through cookies , web beacons , and other technologies about your online activities on this and other websites , in an effort to understand your interests and deliver to you advertisements that are tailored to your interests . These third parties also may use information about you that we provide , such as your age , gender , or interests , or the features within the Site that you use , to target and serve advertisements to you and to analyze the delivery of advertisements on the Site . However , we will not provide personally identifiable information about you to these companies , except as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy . Third parties that currently serve ads on our Site , and thereby may collect information about your online activities to deliver tailored ads , include , but are not limited to , DoubleClick . These companies may offer you a way to choose not to have your information used for advertising purposes . These and other third-party companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( " NAI " ) , which offers a single location to opt out of receiving tailored ads from member companies . To opt out or to obtain information about the technologies member companies use or their own privacy policies , please visit the NAI consumer opt out page . Also , through the Digital Advertising Alliance ( " DAA " ) , several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of and greater control over ads that are customized based on their online behavior across different websites . To make choices about interest-based ads from participating third parties , please visit the DAA consumer opt out page . National Geographic may use information that we collect about you for a variety of business purposes , including : to maintain and manage your account , deliver Services that you have requested , and enhance your experience on our Site ; to process and track your product or service orders and provide the services you request ; to communicate with you about the Site or other products or services in which you may be interested , or to respond to your inquiries or comments ; to perform business analyses or for other purposes to improve the quality of our business , the Site , and the products and services we offer ; or in accordance with your consent . We take very seriously our responsibility to maintain your privacy with respect to your information . We will therefore share that information only with the following entities , and only under these circumstances : with entities that provide services on our behalf , including Site development , maintenance and support , payment processing , email distribution , and promotions management , only to the extent that these entities need the information to perform their services or as required by law , unless any additional use or sharing of the information is separately permitted under another provision of this Privacy Policy ; within the National Geographic family , which is defined for this purpose as corporate affiliates of National Geographic ( Affiliates ) and entities that are authorized to use the National Geographic name to brand their products or services ( such as National Geographic tour expeditions , the National Geographic MasterCard , and the National Geographic holiday greeting card program ) ; with identified entities whose products or services you specifically use or request to receive while you use the Site ; with other selected third parties so that they may send you promotional materials about goods and services that they offer , but you have the opportunity to opt out of our sharing personally identifiable information about you as described below in the section entitled Your Choices , and we will not share your email address with third parties for promotional purposes unless you specifically agree to such sharing ; when we believe that doing so is required by law , may be necessary to protect any person 's property , rights , or safety , or to investigate a potential violation of law , will help to enforce any terms of use or other legal agreement , or will help resolve disputes that arise in the ordinary course of business , or in the event of a corporate transaction , such as a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale ; in aggregated or other non-personally identifiable form ; or in accordance with your consent . We understand the importance of protecting our customers ' privacy , and we therefore provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of having your personally identifiable information used or disclosed for certain purposes . You can opt out of receiving promotional communications from National Geographic and our Affiliates and our licensees , or request that we not share personally identifiable information about you with third parties for the third parties ' marketing purposes , by contacting us at :  National Geographic Attn : Marketing Services - Privacy 1145 17th Street NW Washington , DC 20036-4688 Telephone : 800-NGS-LINE ( 800-647-5463 ) TDD : 800-548-9797 Outside the United States and Canada : 813-979-6845 You also can change your preferences relating to our email newsletter program by going to www.nationalgeographic.com/register.html or by clicking here . Because we plan our communications in advance , it may take several weeks for your request to become effective . If you continue to receive our communications in error after expressing an opt-out preference , please let us know so that we can investigate the situation . If you click on or interact with a hyperlink or advertisement that you find on the Site , you may leave our Site or send information to a different website . Our Privacy Policy does not apply to your interactions with other websites , even if you find a link to them on our Site , and so you should read the privacy policy of the third-party website provider to see how your personally identifiable information will be treated on its site . The security and confidentiality of your information is extremely important to us , and we take a number of steps to safeguard any personally identifiable information or credit card information that you provide to us . We use data encryption technology to help protect against loss , misuse or alteration of your credit card information . Secure Socket Layers ( SSLs ) encrypt the credit card information sent between your computer and our database . However , no method of transmitting or storing electronic data is ever completely secure , and therefore we can not warrant or guarantee that such information will never be accessed , used or released in a manner that is inconsistent with this policy . Some sections of our Site may allow users to post or transmit messages , comments , screen names , computer files and other materials . If you choose to make personally identifiable information public through these Services , National Geographic will consider that information public and will not limit its disclosure in the manner described here . Other than certain sections of this Site that are intended for visits from children under the age of 13 including www.kids.nationalgeographic.com and www.littlekids.nationalgeographic.com our Site is a general audience site , and we do not knowingly collect information about children under 13 years old through the Site . Should a child whom we know to be under 13 make known to us his or her personally identifiable information , we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personally identifiable information . If we learn that we have collected personally identifiable information from a child under 13 other than in a manner authorized by law , we will delete that information from our database . We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the most recent version of the Policy on the Site , along with an indication of the date on which the Policy was amended most recently . If we make any material changes in the way we collect , use , and/or share personally identifiable information that we collect about you through the Site , we will notify you by sending you an email at the last email address that you provided us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Site . In any event , changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of personally identifiable information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes . If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy , please write us at : National Geographic Society Attn : Marketing Services - Privacy 1145 17th Street NW Washington , DC 20036-4688 This policy was last updated August 1 , 2011 
Updated June 28 , 2013 New York Post ( NYP or we ) wants you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information from and about you . This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites , mobile sites , applications ( apps ) , and widgets ( collectively , the NYP Services ) . By using the NYP Services , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy . A list of our affiliated companies ( NYP Affiliates ) is available at newscorp.com . As set forth in our Terms of Use , the NYP Services are for a general audience , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age . This Privacy Policy applies to all users , including both those who use the NYP Services without being registered with or subscribing to an NYP Service and those who have registered with or subscribed to an NYP Service . This Privacy Policy applies to NYP 's collection and use of your personal information ( i.e. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) . It also describes generally NYP 's practices for handling non-personal information ( for example , interests , demographics and services usage ) . NYP and our service providers collect the following information from and about you : Registration Information is the information you submit to register for an NYP Service , for example , to create an account , post comments , receive a newsletter , or enter a contest or sweepstakes . Registration Information may include , for example , name , email address , gender , zip code and birthday . Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the NYP Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content , which may include a name , user name , comments , likes , status , profile information and picture . Public Information and Posts are always public , which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines . Information from Social Media . If you access or log-in to an NYP Service through a social media service or connect an NYP Service to a social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends lists , and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service . When you access the NYP Services through social media services or when you connect an NYP Service to social media services , you are authorizing NYP to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Activity Information . When you access and interact with the NYP Services , we may collect certain information about those visits . For example , in order to permit your connection to the NYP Services , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device , and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information . If you access the NYP Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device . Cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier . Websites , apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service . These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the NYP Services , such as pages you have visited , content you have viewed , search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen . Third parties that support the NYP Services by serving advertisements or providing services , such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate NYP Services usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information . NYP does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies . For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see aboutads.info/consumers , and to opt-out of such ad networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to aboutads.info/choices . Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether . Please consult the Help section of your browser for more information . Users can manage the use of Flash technologies , with the Flash management tools available at Adobe 's website , see here . Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features , content or personalization available through the NYP Services . Information from Other Sources . We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources , such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from our NYP Affiliates or business partners . We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the NYP Services and features to you , including : to measure and improve those NYP Services and features ; to improve your experience with both online and off-line NYP Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting , including advertising and marketing messages ; to allow you to comment on content , and participate in online games , contests , or rewards programs ; to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries . When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person , we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties . We use the information we collect from and about you for these additional purposes :  To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the NYP Services . NYP may make your information available to certain third-party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide the NYP Services . These service providers may not use personal information for any purpose other than the specific service they are providing to you and NYP . To allow social sharing functionality . If you log in with or connect a social media service account with NYP Services , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other NYP Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service . We may also share the same information with the social media service provider . By logging in with or connecting your NYP Services account with a social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy . If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your NYP Services account and do not participate in social sharing on NYP Services . To provide co-branded services and features . We may offer co-branded services or features , such as contests , sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party ( Co-Branded Services ) . These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on NYP Services or on the third party 's service . By virtue of these relationships , we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party . The third party 's use of your information will be governed by the third party 's privacy policy . To deliver relevant advertisements . NYP and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you to deliver ads to you when you use the NYP Services or another service . As noted above , third-party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information , inferred interests , aggregated information , and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests . To find out more about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see http : //www.aboutads.info , and to opt-out of such advertising networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to http : //www.aboutads.info/choices . To contact you . NYP may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the NYP Services . If you want to stop receiving promotional materials follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email . There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of , such as notifications of changes to the NYP Services or policies . If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app . To share with our NYP Affiliates . NYP may share your information with NYP Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy . A link to a website that lists NYP Affiliates can be found at the beginning of this policy . Users who visit NYP Affiliates ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy . To share with business partners . NYP may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices . To protect the rights of NYP and others . There may be instances when NYP may disclose your information , including situations where NYP has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of NYP , our NYP Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of the NYP Services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process ; or ( v ) respond to requests from public and government authorities . To complete a merger or sale of assets . If NYP sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , NYP may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction . NYP uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification . However , no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information . If you would like to access , review , correct , update , suppress , or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us , you may contact us at onlinehelp @ nypost.com . In your request , please include your email address , name , address , and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to access , change , update , or suppress . We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable . If you are a California resident , you may request that we not share your personal information on a going-forward basis with NYP Affiliates or unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes by sending an email to onlinehelp @ nypost.com with NYPost.com : Disclosure Opt-out in the subject line and your full name , email address , and postal address in the body of the email . We will try to comply with your request ( s ) as soon as reasonably practicable . Updates to Privacy Policy . NYP may modify this Privacy Policy . Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised . Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the NYP Services . If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use the personal information we have already collected from you , we will notify you and provide you with a choice about our future use of that information . Location of Data . The NYP Services are hosted in and managed from the United States . If you are a user located outside the United States , you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States . United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction . This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above . As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care . Linked Services . The NYP Services may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games , newsletters , contests or sweepstakes , or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies . NYP is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies , and once you leave the NYP Services or click an advertisement you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service . Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service . In some cases , we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ( Payment Service ) . If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment using a Payment Service , you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage . Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service 's privacy policy , rather than this Privacy Policy . We have no control over , and are not responsible for , any Payment Service 's use of information collected through any Payment Service . Data Retention . We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law . Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where , for example , you have shared information with social media or other services . Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others . We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies . It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints , contractual , financial or legal requirements . Sensitive Information . We ask that you not send us , and you not disclose , any sensitive personal information ( such as social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) on or through the NYP Services or otherwise . If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at : Email : onlinehelp @ nypost.com Mail : Privacy Office , New York Post , 1211 Avenue of the Americas , New York , New York 10036 
CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Effective Date : January 2nd , 2014 Note : The CBS Interactive Privacy Policy has been updated . Please review the updated privacy policy carefully before using the CBS Interactive Web Sites . By using any of the CBS Interactive Web Sites , you consent to the terms of the updated privacy policy . Click here for more information about the updates CBS Interactive Inc . ( " CBS Interactive " ) is committed to protecting your privacy . CBS Interactive , its affiliates , and its subsidiaries own , operate , or provide access to , several interactive web sites and other interactive features that provide an authorized link to this Privacy Policy ( collectively " CBS Interactive Web Sites " ) . This Privacy Policy applies only to the CBS Interactive Web Sites . This Privacy Policy describes , among other things , the types of information collected about you when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site ; how your information may be used and when it may be disclosed ; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information ; and how your information is protected . Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at CBS Interactive . We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of Privacy Principles . Back To Top This Privacy Policy applies to information , including contact information , collected about you by a CBS Interactive Web Site . This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected through any other web site . Please note that some CBS Interactive Web Sites may contain links to non-CBS Interactive Web Sites . We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites , and we recommend that you visit the privacy policies of each web site that you visit . Back To Top Information you provide directly to CBS Interactive Web Sites . You are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site . CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask you for different types of information when you register for certain services , access various content or features , or directly contact the Web Site including :  Contact information , such as name , email address , postal address , phone number , facsimile number , and mobile number ;  User name , password , and password reminder questions and answers ;  Age and date of birth ;  Other demographic information , such as gender , job information , and zip code ;  Information for a public profile , such as your interests and the address of your web site ;  Communications preferences , such as which newsletters you would like to receive ;  Search queries ;  In limited circumstances , payment and identity verification information , such as credit card number , social security number or comparable national identifiers , and driver 's license number where needed for payment , to complete a particular transaction , or to access a particular service ( e.g. , contests or paid subscriptions ) ;  Contact information about others when you provide information about others or refer a friend to a particular site or service ( note : such information is used solely to facilitate the communications requested ) ;  Information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features ;  Correspondence you send to us ; and Information collected about you offline ( including via facsimile , mail , or in person for sweepstakes entrance forms ) . Information we collect automatically on CBS Interactive Websites . CBS Interactive Web Sites may collect certain information automatically , including :  Your browser type and operating system ;  Your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area ;  Sites you visited before and after visiting a CBS Interactive Web Site ;  Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on within CBS Interactive Web Sites ;  Unique identifiers , including mobile device identification numbers that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law ;  Information collected through cookies , web beacons , and other technologies ;  Information about your interactions with audio and video content , such as the type of content listened to and viewed , and information about your interactions with email messages , such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ;  Upon request , your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs installed on your computer ; and Standard server log information . Information we obtain from other sources . Where permitted by applicable law , we may collect information about you from other sources , including through interactive applications ( such as mobile devices , third-party services , and embedded audio and video players ) , from co-branded partners and sites ( for example , on our pages on Facebook ) , and from commercially available sources ( such as data aggregators and public databases ) . The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources : Name , postal address , and telephone number ;  Demographic data , such as age , gender , and income level ;  If you access third-party services ( such as Facebook , Google or Twitter ) through a CBS Interactive Web Site , or if you access a CBS Interactive Web Site via a third-party service , your username and password for those services and other information available about or collected from you on those services , as described in our overview of third-party social networking services Your interests and purchase behavior ;  Publicly-observed data , such as activities on blogs , videos , and other online postings ; and Other navigation data , such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on . This privacy policy does not cover the practices of third parties , including those that may disclose information to CBS Interactive . Combining Information . Please note that all of the information we collect about you may be combined , including to help us tailor our communications to you and to develop rich online content and services across the CBS Interactive Web Sites . Back To Top We only use payment and identity verification information , such as credit card numbers , driver 's license numbers , social security numbers , or comparable national identifiers as necessary for completing a particular transaction or fulfilling a service ( e.g. , paid subscriptions or awarding prizes to contest winners ) or as otherwise required by law . We generally use other information we collect about you to :  Fulfill your requests for products , services , and information , including to send you electronic newsletters , authorize a purchase , and complete a transaction that you have requested ;  Enable you to participate in features such as surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and message boards ;  Provide you with electronic newsletters , information , special offers and promotional materials on behalf of CBS Interactive Web Sites , companies within our corporate family , and third parties , in accordance with applicable law ;  Analyze the use of CBS Interactive Web Sites and information about visitors to our Web Sites to understand and improve our service offerings and , in accordance with our sharing policies , discussed below , to produce anonymous or aggregated data and statistics that might help third parties develop their own products and service offerings ;  Customize the content you see when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site ;  Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests , as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising ;  Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with CBS Interactive 's Terms of Use ; and For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent . Back To Top CBS Interactive is committed to maintaining your trust and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share information collected about you . With your consent . With your consent , we may share your contact information with third-party business partners . For example , CBS Interactive Web Sites such as ZDNet.com and BNET.com offer free access to relevant services ( e.g. , webcasts and white papers ) if you agree to have your information shared with third parties so they can contact you about related products and services . Authorized third-party service providers . We share your information with third-party vendors who help us with specialized services , including customer support , email and text message deployment , business analytics , marketing , and data processing . These third parties are allowed to use your information to help us provide our services and not for any other purpose . Sweepstakes , contests , or promotions . When you choose to enter a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion , and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the promotions , your information may be disclosed to sponsors and third parties who help design , administer and implement the promotion , including in connection with winner selection , prize fulfillment and aggregated data analysis . Your information also may be disclosed as required by law , such as on a winners list . Also , by entering a promotion , you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion , including allowing the sponsors to use your name , voice , and likeness in advertising and marketing associated with the promotion in accordance with applicable law . All terms applicable to the particular promotion will be made available to you at the time you enter the promotion . Co-Branded Partners . Co-Branded Partners are third parties with whom a CBS Interactive Web Site may jointly offer a service or feature . You can tell when you are accessing a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner because the Co-Branded Partner 's name will be featured prominently . You may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner . In doing so , you may be providing your information to both us and the Co-Branded Partner , or we may share your information with the Co-Branded Partner . Please note that the Co-Branded Partner 's privacy policy may apply to its use of your information . CBS Interactive Web Sites and other CBS businesses . The CBS Interactive family continues to grow to include innovative CBS Interactive Web Sites that offer rich and deep interactive experiences . Where permitted by law , we may share information we collect about you within the family of CBS Interactive Web Sites and with CBS Corporation , our parent company , and other CBS-affiliated companies , so we can provide you with information about products and services that might interest you . Business transfers . We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of a CBS Interactive Web Site , a merger , consolidation , asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy . Legal requirements . We may disclose information about our users , including contact information , to respond to subpoenas , court orders , legal process , and other law enforcement measures , and to comply with other legal obligations , such as FCC requirements . Protect our Web Sites and users . We may disclose information to protect and defend the legal rights , interests , and safety of CBS Interactive Web Sites , other CBS companies , and their employees , agents , and contractors ( including enforcing our agreements ) ; to protect the safety and security of users of the Web Sites and members of the public ; and as otherwise disclosed in our Terms of Use . Please note that we may share information with advertisers as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising . We also may share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties , including to help us develop content and services we hope you will find of interest or to help these third parties develop their own products and service offerings . This sharing of anonymized or aggregated information will not include information that could be used to individually identify you . Back To Top You can choose to enjoy content and features on CBS Interactive Web Sites without directly providing us with any information about you ; however , as described above , some information may automatically be collected or may be requested so you can take advantage of certain features and services offered on CBS Interactive Web Sites . You can opt out of receiving commercial email or text messages from a particular CBS Interactive Web Site or service by following the instructions contained in any such message . Please note that even if you unsubscribe to commercial messages , we still may need to send you communications relating to your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites , such as service announcements . You have choices about the collection and use of your information by third parties to display relevant advertisements , as described in our overview of Third Party Online Advertising . You also have choices about whether cookies and other similar technologies are placed on your computer or mobile device ; for more information , visit our overview on cookies , web beacons and other technologies ( including Do Not Track ) . You also may choose to opt out of our use of data that we collect about your visits to our business partners ' sites to customize advertising that we serve . To opt out , visit the CBS Interactive Business Partner Advertising Opt-Out page . Back To Top If you choose to share contact information with us , you may have the opportunity to update that information on a CBS Interactive Web Site . You also may update or amend your information by contacting us . If you ask us to shut down your account or delete your information , we will disable your account within a reasonable period of time . Please note that we may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our legal and security obligations . For example , some of your information may remain in back-up storage even if you ask us to delete it . In some cases , you may be entitled under local laws to access or object to the processing of information that we hold relating to you . Back To Top We are committed to protecting your information . We have adopted commercially reasonable technical , administrative , and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss , misuse , unauthorized access , and alteration . Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . We want you to feel confident using CBS Interactive Web Sites but we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us . Please refer to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission 's web site for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft . Back To Top CBS Interactive is headquartered in the United States and has affiliate offices and partners in other countries . Please be aware that information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or another country in accordance with applicable law . The privacy and data protection laws in another country may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence . By using and participating in any CBS Interactive Web Site or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , international transfer , storage , and processing of your information . Back To Top For additional information about CBS Interactive 's privacy practices , as well as our affiliate offices and partners in some of the other countries where we operate , please click on the appropriate link for your jurisdiction : Australia , Canada , the United Kingdom . Back To Top Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which a CBS Interactive Web Site has disclosed certain information during the preceding year for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . If you are a California resident and want such a list , please contact us . For all requests , you must put the statement " Your California Privacy Rights " in the body of your request and include the name of the CBS Interactive Web Site with respect to which you are requesting the information , as well as your name , street address , city , state , and zip code . Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone , mail , or by facsimile , and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or that do not have complete information . Back To Top Most CBS Interactive Web Sites are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13 . Some CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask for a birth date to ensure that they are not collecting information from children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken in connection with information collected from children under 18 . In those instances where a CBS Interactive Web Site has actual knowledge that it collects information from or offers a service directed toward children as defined under applicable laws , it will comply with those laws . To read about our privacy policy for children , please see the Children 's Privacy Policy . Back To Top Some CBS Interactive Web Sites enable users to submit their own content for use in contests , blogs , on-air radio and TV broadcasts , online audio and video streams , videos , message boards , and other functions . Publication of User Generated Content on the CBS Interactive Web Sites is subject to our Terms of Use . Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and exercise caution when deciding to disclose your contact , financial , and other information in a submission . We can not prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy , the law , or your personal privacy and safety . We may also engage a third party to provide some of the services associated with the blogs , message boards and similar functions . This third party will collect and host the information that you submit to the CBS Interactive Web Sites but will not use any of this information for purposes other than providing the service . Back To Top When you select a link to a third party web site from one of the CBS Interactive Web Sites ( for example , if you link to Pay Pal in order to pay for a product or service offered by a CBS Interactive Web Site ) , you will be leaving the CBS Interactive Site . Any information that you disclose on the third party site will be governed by that site 's privacy policy . Back To Top We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings . If we modify our Privacy Policy , we will update the " Effective Date " and such changes will be effective upon posting . If we make any material changes in the way we use your information , we will notify you by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice of the changes on CBS Interactive Web Sites . Back To Top If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us and we will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time . You may also submit questions or comments using the postal address listed below :  CBS Interactive Inc. 235 Second Street San Francisco , CA 94105 Attn : Legal Department For international users , please select this link to find the address of your closest CBS Interactive office . We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern . Back To Top 
Privacy Policy Weather.gov > Privacy Policy This policy covers user privacy , system security , and National Weather Service information collection practices . This Privacy Policy Statement applies only to National Weather Service web sites . Some organizations within NOAA may have other information collection practices . You are encouraged to check Privacy Policies when going to another web site . These World Wide Web pages are provided as a public service by NOAA 's National Weather Service ( NWS ) . Information presented on these pages is considered public information and may be distributed or copied . Use of appropriate byline/photo/image credits is requested . Site Management Data Use of " cookies " Consent to Voluntary Information Collection and Sharing How e-mail is handled How information is used How long information is retained Interaction with Children Privacy Act System of Records Information Protection Conditions under which the information may be shared with other Federal agencies Your Rights Under the Privacy Act Dispute Resolution For each HTTP ( which is what your Web browser generates when you request a page or part of a page from a Web site ) request received , we collect and store only the following information : the date and time the originating IP address the type of browser and operating system used ( if provided by the browser ) the URL of the referring page ( if provided by the browser ) the object requested completion status of the request pages visited We use the information that we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different areas of our sites , and to help us make our sites more useful to visitors . This includes analyzing these logs periodically to determine the traffic through our servers , the number of pages served , and the level of demand for pages and topics of interest . The logs may be preserved indefinitely and used at any time and in any way necessary to prevent security breaches and to ensure the integrity of the data on our servers . Top of Page To better serve our visitors , we use technology to track new and returning visitors actions while on the website . These small files are commonly referred to as " cookies. "  Our cookies do n't not contain any personally-identifiable information . Our customized Weather.gov tool gives visitors the option of customizing and storing a location to be remembered on subsequent visits to Weather.gov . Cookies are small files that Web servers place on a user 's hard drive . They can serve several functions :  they allow the Web site to identify you as a previous visitor each time you access a site ; they track what information you view at a site ( important to the Department of Commerce to ensure visitors find what they are looking for ) ; in the more advanced cases they track your movements through many Web sites but not the whole Web ; businesses use them for customer convenience to allow them to produce a list of items to buy and pay for them all at one time and to garner information about what individuals are buying at their sites ; advertisers use them to determine the effectiveness of their marketing and offer insights into consumer preferences and tastes by collecting data from many Web sites ; and they can be used to help a Web site tailor screens for each customer 's preference . We will retain data the technology makes available only as long as required by law , or specific program need as specified by the National Archives and Records Administration 's General Records Schedule 20 , which pertains to Electronic Records or other approved records schedule as applicable . If you are concerned about the potential use of the information gathered from your computer by cookies , you can set your browser to prompt you before it accepts a cookie . You can remove or block the use of web measurement and customization technologies by changing the setting of your browser to block cookies as described at http : //www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml . Top of Page All the information users submit to NWS is done on a voluntary basis . When a user clicks the " Submit " button on any of the Web forms found on NWS 's sites they are indicating voluntarily consent to the conditions outlined in this policy . We do not collect personally identifiable information ( e.g. , name , address , phone number , e-mail address ) unless you provide it . In all cases , the information collected is used to respond to user inquiries or to provide services requested by our users . Any information provided through one of our Web forms is removed from Web servers within seconds , increasing the protection for this information . Top of Page We use information you send us by e-mail only for the purpose for which it is submitted ( e.g. , to answer a question , to send information ) . In addition , if you do choose to provide information , it is only used to respond to your request ( e.g. , addressing a package to send you pamphlets or booklets ) or to provide a service you are requesting ( e.g. , email notifications ) . Information we receive by e-mail is disclosed to the public only pursuant to the laws and policies governing the dissemination of information . However , information submitted to NWS becomes an agency record and therefore might be subject to a Freedom of Information Act request . Top of Page The information NWS collects is used for a variety of purposes ( e.g. , E-spotter forms , product user survey forms ) . We make every effort to clearly disclose at the point of collection how information is used and allow our Web site visitor to determine whether they wish to provide the information . Top of Page We destroy the information we collect when the purpose for which it was provided has been fulfilled unless we are required to keep it longer by statute , policy or both . Top of Page The NWS offers educational content to children under 13 . No personally identifiable information is collected from these visitors unless voluntarily submitted as a request for information or services . The information collected is used to respond to user inquiries or to provide services requested by our users . Top of Page The NWS does not maintain and retrieve information submitted to it based upon personal identifiers ( name , email addresses , etc. ) . Consequently , NWS Web sites do not use or collect information for any Privacy Act System of Records . Top of Page For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , this government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage to the information on our Web sites . Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act . Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits . Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration General Schedule 20 . Top of Page NWS may share information received from its Web sites with other Federal agencies . For example , if a breach of our IT security protections were to occur , the information collected by our servers and staff could be shared with appropriate law enforcement and homeland security officials . Top of Page Privacy Act Reference Materials and NOAA Freedom Of Information Act . Top of Page If for some reason you believe this site has not adhered to these principles , please notify the National Weather Service Office of the CIO by e-mail at w-nws.webmaster @ noaa.gov . If our web pages are not fully in compliance with our stated policies , they will be corrected . 
The user agrees that by entering this website , the user will be automatically be governed by this privacy policy of Kasturi & Sons Limited ( KSL ) . KSL hosts several online publications including " The Hindu " , " Business Line " , " Sportstar " , " Frontline " , etc. , which can be accessed through The Hindu Group 's main website . This privacy policy is applicable to all of KSL 's " Online Publications " . User agrees that usage/browsing of the " Online Publications " may lead to the user 's device information , visits to and use of this website ( including [ IP address , geographical location , browser type and version , operating system , referral source , length of visit , page views , website navigation , pixel tag , etc [ hereinafter to be referred to as " information " ] being accessible to KSL and/or third party . A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on the user 's computer 's hard drive . Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving cookies from the " Online Publications " on the user 's computer 's hard drive the user should take necessary steps within the user 's web browsers security settings to block all cookies from the " Online Publications " . Traffic log cookies may be used to identify which pages are being seen/ used to analyse data about web page traffic . KSL only uses this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from KSL 's system . Overall , cookies are made to provide the user with a better website , by enabling KSL to monitor which pages the user finds useful and which the user does not . A cookie in no way gives access to the user 's computer or any information about the user , other than the data the user chooses to share . Our website may contain links to enable the user to visit other websites of interest like the social plug-ins [ viz. Facebook , Google Plus , Pinit etc ] . However , once the user shares/ uses these links KSL does not have any control over other websites . Therefore KSL can not be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which the user provides whilst visiting such sites . Such sites are not governed by this privacy policy . The user should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question . User is advised to use social media and other platforms wisely and with due care and caution with regard to user 's own privacy and personal details . KSL may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the platform in question . User is advised before using such social sharing buttons that user does so at user 's own discretion . Social media and other platforms may track and save user 's request to share a web page respectively through user 's social media platform and other accounts . User is invited to submit user comments , questions , ideas , reviews or any other information concerning KSL and the website 's contents , provided user understands that such comments will be subject to moderation . KSL reserves the right to remove or edit such content . All such submissions should not be illegal , obscene , threatening , defamatory or infringing on privacy or on intellectual property rights of others . In the event of any grievances user can contact the grievance officer at web.thehindu @ thehindu.co.in or write to us at the following address Kasturi and Sons Limited No. 859 & 860 Anna Salai , Chennai-600002 India KSL may change this policy from time to time by updating this page . You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are aware of the applicable privacy policy . 
Thank you for visiting Indianexpress.com , the website of The Indian Express Group . We respect your privacy and consider it an important element of our business . Our privacy policy is straightforward : We do not collect personal information about you when you visit our website ( s ) unless you volunteer to provide that information to us . This is broadly how we handle the information we gather . If you visit our website ( s ) just to browse , read pages or download information , but do not register for any of our services , we gather and store certain information about your visit automatically . This information can not and does not identify you personally . The kind of information that is gathered automatically include the type of browser you are using ( e.g. Netscape , Internet Explorer ) , the type of Operating System you are using ( e.g. Windows ' 98 or Mac OS ) and the domain name of your Internet Service Provider ( e.g. America Online , Satyam Online , Mantra Online , VSNL ) , the date and time of your visit and the pages you visit . We sometimes use this non-personally identifiable information to improve our website ( s ) design , content and primarily to give you a better browsing experience . We collect personal information from you only if you provide it voluntarily . The type of personally identifiable information that may be collected by us include name , address , e-mail address and information about your interests in and use of various services . For example , you might submit your name and e-mail address to subscribe to our newsletters or to take part in our discussion forum or to send us your feedback . You might also enter another person 's e-mail address and name and yours when you use our ' Mail This Story ' feature . The information you provide is not given or sold to any private organisations or private persons . Our website ( s ) sometimes contain links to other websites whose privacy policies may be different to ours . Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties . We also use a reputable third party to serve the advertisements that you see on our pages . In the course of serving advertisements , our third-party advertiser may place or recognise a unique " cookie " on your browser and may use information ( not including your name , address , e-mail address ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . Our website ( s ) has links to other website ( s ) in the World Wide Web . The privacy policies of these website ( s ) is not under our control . Once you leave our servers , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting . It is advisable to read their privacy policies for further information . 
This is the website of Vocus PRW Holdings , LLC d/b/a PRWeb ( " PRWeb " ) . Our postal address is Vocus PRW Holdings , LLC 12051 Indian Creek Ct. Beltsville , MD 20705 PRWeb takes privacy seriously . As a pioneer of online visibility and search engine optimized press release distribution services , we are committed to establishing and maintaining policies and procedures which protect the privacy of personal information gathered from our customers , prospects and other visitors to our website . PRWeb is a newswire service which distributes press releases on behalf of our users . If you decide to submit a press release for distribution through our system we will transmit your entire press release including any personal information therein contained to our media contacts and online distribution points including search engines . This is the only redistribution of your information that we engage in . Your submission of press releases through our system indicates consent with this policy . This Policy applies to all of the products , services and websites offered by PRWeb . If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this site , you may contact us at https : //console.prweb.com/prweb/support/index.php . In order for PRWeb to take the appropriate action please describe in reasonable detail the nature of your request or inquiry . We do not share user information with any third parties other than via press release distribution as described above . PRWeb may use " cookie " technology to track or record information about our website visitors . PRWeb requires the use of " cookie " technology so that we can guarantee we 'll present the correct information to users as they move from screen to screen . PRWeb users who disable their web browser 's ability to accept cookies may not be able to successfully use our service . Upon request we provide site visitors with access to information that we have collected and that we maintain about them . Consumers can access this information by logging into their account . The site contains links to other websites . PRWeb is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these sites . You will need to check the policy statement of other websites to understand their policies . Customers and visitors who access a linked site may be disclosing their private information . It is the responsibility of the user to keep such information private and confidential . With respect to security , we employ industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving user data exchanged with our site . We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss , misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site . We do not store credit card information in our systems . From time to time , we may use customer information for new , unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice . If our information practices change in the future , we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses . To keep up-to-date with PRWeb 's policy , please check this page periodically . If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy , you may contact us by sending us an email at http : //service.prweb.com/contact-us/ . 
BREITBART.COM PRIVACY POLICY At breitbart.com we are committed to protecting your privacy . Generally , you may visit www.breitbart.com ( our " Site " ) without giving us any information about yourself . However , there are times when we may need to obtain personal information from you in order to provide certain services that you may request . This Privacy Policy was developed to help you understand what information we collect as well as how we use and safeguard the information you provide to us on our Site . This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time , so please revisit this page to remain fully informed of our privacy policy . You can access our home page at www.breitbart.com and browse some areas of our Site without disclosing any personally identifiable information . We do track information provided to us by your browser , including the web site you came from ( known as the referring URL ) , the type of browser you use , the time and date of access , and other information that does not personally identify you . In addition , we gather information about you that is automatically collected by our web server , such as your IP address , domain name and pages that you access . Breitbart.com may use web server and browser information to individually customize its offerings and presentations if you submit your personal information . We may also collect personal information , including your name , cell phone number , e-mail address , and certain demographic data , only when you choose to voluntarily provide to us such information , such as by registering , making inquiries regarding our services , requesting breaking news alerts , reporting any problems with our Site , providing us with feedback on our Site , or otherwise . We do not collect information through " cookies " , but our advertisers may collect cookies when you click through the advertisement to their website . Cookies are small strings of text sent by the site to your browser which are then stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive . Amongst other things , Advertisers use cookies to understand how you and others are using their site , to identify repeat visitors , and to determine the paths visitors take on their site . They also use cookies to determine whether you visited their site from a particular Internet link or advertisement . Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but it is possible to change your browser setup to allow you to control whether you will accept cookies , reject cookies , or to notify you each time a cookie is sent to you . If your browser is set to reject cookies , the advertiser may not recognize you when you return to their site . The Help section of your browser will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies " . When you register we may ask for information such as your name , email address , cellular phone number , and additional information . Once you register with breitbart.com and sign in to our services , you may no longer be anonymous to us or our advertisers . Our Site is a general audience web site and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 . By using our site , you represent that you are not under 13 years of age . Links to Third Party Web Sites : Our Site may offer links to other web sites , including links embedded in advertisements and links to various news sources . Such links to other websites may have information policies and practices different from ours . In addition , certain companies associated with breitbart.com may have their own privacy policies . We do not own or control such companies and web sites , and are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of web sites that we do not own or control . How We Protect Your Information : We use industry-accepted technology to protect your data from disclosure to unauthorized third parties . Our server is also protected by a firewall to prevent unauthorized access to any information we may store . Although these measures are typically effective , use of the Internet and related computer systems is inherently vulnerable to unauthorized access or " hacking. "  No guarantee can be given that all information you provide to us will not be accessed by unauthorized persons . How We Use Your Information : We collect , retain , and use internally Site visitor information only for legitimate business purposes , including the following : to correspond with you regarding our site or services , to inform you of developments in our company or with our services that we believe may be of interest to you , to send you breaking news alerts , to monitor Site visitor traffic patterns and Site usage , to comply with applicable laws , to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements , and to protect the rights , property , or safety of breitbart.com , our users , and others . We may also use the information we collect to occasionally e-mail you regarding important functionality changes to the Site or to e-mail you announcements and promotions related to our business , products , and/or services . If you would rather not receive such correspondence , please e-mail us to that effect at webmaster @ breitbart.com . If you have provided us more than one e-mail address , please remember to e-mail us from each of the e-mail accounts you have given us . Except as provided below , we limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs . We strive to maintain the accuracy of our customer information . We respond promptly to update our database when you tell us your information is not accurate . When We May Disclose Your Information : We may share in aggregate , statistical form non-personal information regarding the visitors to our Site , traffic patterns , and Site usage with our partners , affiliates , investors , or other third parties . We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law or may disclose such information in response to a request from a law enforcement agency or authority . We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims . We believe it is necessary and may share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of breitbart.com 's Terms of Use , or as otherwise required by law . We may transfer information about you if breitbart.com is acquired by or merged with another company . To maintain a site that is free of charge , Breitbart.com contains advertising . Breitbart.com does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad . However , by interacting with or viewing an ad , you may disclose personal information to their website and are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad . Consent : By using this Site , you consent to our collection and use of personal information you choose to provide to us . We reserve the right , at any time , to modify , alter , or update this statement , and any such modifications , alterations , or updates will be effective upon posting . Privacy Questions : If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please them to us email at webmaster @ breitbart.com . Breitbart.com may also be contacted directly at the following address :  Designated Agent : Webmaster Address of Agent : 149 S. Barrington Ave. , # 401 , Los Angeles , CA 90049 E-mail for notice : webmaster @ breitbart.com This Privacy Policy is revised as of February 4 , 2008 and may be modified from time to time . 
By accessing and making use of the services offered by Al Arabiya News ( Al Arabiya ' ) and/or the digital properties of Al Arabiya , you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy . Al Arabiya is committed to the protection of the privacy of the users of its services . This Privacy Policy explains how Al Arabiya deals with your personal information , including :  What information we collect from you and why we collect it . How we use that information . The choices we offer you with respect to your personal information , including how to access and update that information . We collect information to provide better services to all of our users . Knowing something about you helps us give you more of what you want more shows , more exclusives , more information , more competitions and a better user experience . It also helps us to figure out more complex things like which advertisements you 'll find most useful or services and information that are most relevant to you , thereby giving a much better and more useful experience of our digital properties . We collect information to provide better services to all of our users . Knowing something about you helps us give you more of what you want more shows , more exclusives , more information , more competitions and a better user experience . It also helps us to figure out more complex things like which advertisements you 'll find most useful or services and information that are most relevant to you , thereby giving a much better and more useful experience of our digital properties . Information you give us . We collect personal information from users as and when provided to us through the use of online forms , surveys and every time you email us your details . Additionally , some of our services may require you to sign in to take advantage of certain features . In other instances , we may invite you to sign up for certain services , such as newsletters , or information feeds ( e.g. SMS updates ) . When you do , we 'll ask for personal information , like your name , email address , or telephone number . If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features that we offer ( e.g. participation in viewer forums and discussion boards , engagement with second-screen co-viewing apps ) , we may also ask you to create a publicly visible profile , which may if you choose - include your name and photo . Information we get from your use of our services . We also collect additional information automatically about your visit to our digital properties . We use cookies to identify you when you visit our digital properties , to follow your browsing patterns and build up your demographic profile . A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to a web browser , which enables the server to collect information from the browser . Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies . If you want to know how to do this please look at the help menu on your browser . However , some cookies are essential for us to use in order to provide you with the services you have requested and switching off cookies will restrict your use of our digital properties . We process personal information collected from you and our digital properties for the purposes of providing you with the services you request from us , as well as maintaining and improving the services we provide to you , and developing new ones . We also use the information to conduct market research and to provide you with tailored content such as relevant advertisements and services . When you contact Al Arabiya , we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing . We may use your contact details to send you direct marketing , including to inform you about our services , such as letting you know about upcoming program information or improvements to our digital properties . We also use information we collect from cookies to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services . We may combine personal information from one service with information , including personal information , from other Al Arabiya services for example to make it easier to share things with people you know . We will not combine advertising server cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent to do so . Al Arabiya processes personal information on our servers , which might reside in a number of countries around the world . We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live and for this purpose transfer your personal information out of your country of residence . We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy . We will only disclose personal information to members of Al Arabiya and its mother company , successors in title to our business and suppliers we engage to process data on our behalf . Otherwise , we will never share any personal information collected from you with other companies , organizations and individuals unless :  It is done with your consent : We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Al Arabiya when we have your consent to do so , including for external processing where we provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us , based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures . It is for legal reasons : We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Al Arabiya if we have a good-faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to : Meet the requirements of any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request . Enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations . Detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues . Protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Al Arabiya , our users or the public as required or permitted by law . We may share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners like advertisers or connected sites . For example , we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services . We do our best to protect Al Arabiya and our users from unauthorized access , use , alteration , disclosure or destruction of information we hold . In particular :  We review our information collection , storage and processing practices , including physical security measures , from time to time to guard against unauthorized access to systems . We restrict access to personal information to authorized Al Arabiya employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us , and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations . We will give you ways to update , or delete your personal information - unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes . When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request . We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) . We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction . Because of this , after you delete information from our services , we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems . This Privacy Policy applies to all the services offered by Al Arabiya , its mother company , and its affiliates , including services offered on other digital properties ( e.g. our news services ) , but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy . Our digital properties may contain links to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy . If you access other sites using the links provided , the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policies , which may differ from ours . We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy . Any changes of this Privacy Policy will be published on this page . 
Financial Times privacy policy High quality global journalism requires investment . Please share this article with others using the link below , do not cut & paste the article . See our Ts & Cs and Copyright Policy for more detail . Email ftsales.support @ ft.com to buy additional rights . http : //help.ft.com/tools-services/financial-times-privacy-policy/# ixzz2oHSA2vdg Financial Times privacy policy Financial Times group takes the privacy of its users seriously . We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users while providing a personalised and valuable service . This Privacy Policy statement explains the data processing practices of Financial Times businesses . If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please contact our Privacy Officer by e-mail at privacy.officer @ ft.com . Our sites contain links to third party sites which are not subject to this privacy policy . We recommend that you read the privacy policy of any such sites that you visit . Personal information is collected by the FT companies listed below on behalf of the Financial Times group of companies and its trading entities ( including FDI Intelligence and Exec-Appointments ) . Each of these FT companies are registered with the UK 's Information Commission as Data Controllers in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 . References in this privacy policy to FT , we , us , our or similar refer to the FT group company operating the relevant website and references to FT sites refer to any of our websites from which you have accessed this privacy policy . Company : The Financial Times Ltd Registered Office : Number One Southwark Bridge , London SE1 9HL Registered Number : 227590 Data Protection Registration Number : Z7087146 Company : FT Personal Finance Ltd Registered Office : Number One Southwark Bridge , London SE1 9HL Registered Number : 3855520 Data Protection Registration Number : Z7670392 Company : The Financial Times ( M-M UK ) Limited , trading as Money-Media or Ignites Europe Registered Office : Number One Southwark Bridge , London SE1 9HL Registered Number : 139844 Data Protection Registration Number : ZVK463 We collect personally identifiable information about you ( your Data ) through :  the use of enquiry and registration forms your purchase of any our products or services the provision of your details to us either online or offline . The elements of your Data that we collect may include :  Name Job title Company name Company address , phone and fax number Home address and phone number Mobile telephone number E-mail address Payment details such as credit card information Date of birth Educational history , work experience and other information from your CV if you provide this to us Market research data such as readership patterns Usage statistics We may also collect information that we request from you regarding your use of our service or that we collect automatically about your visit to our sites . Please see our Cookies Policy for more details . We use your Data for purposes which may include : providing our users with a personalised service processing orders , registrations and enquiries conducting market research surveys allowing users to participate in interactive features of our service , where they choose to do so providing reports to our Clients containing information about usage under corporate licenses running competitions , prize draws and promotions providing you with information about products and services we offer ( if you agree to receive such information ) sharing your Data with third party organisations who offer products or services which we feel may be of interest to you ( if you agree to receive such information ) contacting you about specific recruitment opportunities if you register search criteria information on our recruitment sites . monitoring compliance with our Terms and Conditions and Copyright Policy See our Cookies Policy for more details . If you wish to receive information about FT group products or services or from other carefully selected organisations about products or services they offer , please indicate your preferences using the consent boxes when providing us with your Data . We may also disclose your information to business partners and to third party suppliers we engage to provide services which involve processing data on our behalf , successors in title to our business or in accordance with a properly executed court order or as otherwise required to do so by law . We reserve the right to fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requiring or requesting us to disclose the identity or other usage details of any user of our sites . We also use information in aggregate form ( so that no individual user is identified by name ) :  to build up marketing profiles to aid strategic development to manage our relationship with advertisers to audit usage of the site . We use technology on the registration , subscription and manage my account pages of some of our websites , which may record user movements , including page scrolling , mouse clicks and text entered . It will not record financial information such as credit or debit card details . The data we collect in this way helps us to identify usability issues , to improve the assistance and technical support we can provide to users and is also used for aggregated and statistical reporting purposes . Please refer to our Cookies Policy . Financial Times businesses have appropriate measures in place to ensure that our users ' Data is protected against unauthorised access or use , alteration , unlawful or accidental destruction and accidental loss . User Data may be transferred outside the FT group to data processors such as fulfilment houses but they will act only on our instructions to provide the services required . The Internet is a global environment . Using the Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis . Therefore , by browsing the FT sites and communicating electronically with us you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way . By agreeing to our transfer of your Data to third party organisations for them to send you details of products and services offered ( as detailed above ) you are deemed to provide your consent to any transfer of your Data to organisations based outside the European Economic Area . If you wish to amend any of the Data which we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please contact help @ ft.com visit the Contact Us section of our website ( excluding Investors Chronicle , FDI Intelligence , FT Adviser , Exec-Appointments , MBA-Direct.com , Non-execs.com , Ignites Europe and Mandatewire.com websites ) . Investors Chronicle If you are a user of www.InvestorsChronicle.co.uk and you wish to amend any of the Data which we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please contact ic.cs @ ft.com , visit manage account or phone +44 ( 0 ) 844 848 0106 . Calls made to these numbers may be recorded for training and quality control purposes . FDI Intelligence If you are a user of FDI products and you wish to amend any of the Data that we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please contact fdiintelligence @ ft.com , visit manage my account or ph +44 ( 0 ) 20 7775 6896 . FT Adviser If you are an FT Adviser user and you wish to amend any of the Data that we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please contact ftadviser.enquiries @ ft.com , phone 0845 456 1516 or visit manage my account Exec-Appointments , MBA-Direct.com and Non-execs.com If you wish to amend any of the Data that we hold about you or update your marketing preferences , please sign into your account below and go to your personal profile or phone +44 ( 0 ) 207 873 4909 . exec-appointments.com account mba-direct.com account non-execs.com account Ignites Europe If you wish to amend any of the Data which we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please visit the Preferences or Contact Us section of our website or phone UK +44 ( 0 ) 20 7775 6668 or US +1 212 542 1245 . Calls made to these numbers may be recorded for training and quality control purposes . Mandatewire If you wish to amend any of the date which we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please contact contact.mandatewire @ ft.com or phone ( UK ) +44 ( 0 ) 20 7775 6080 or ( NYC ) +1212-542-1245 All users In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 , you may request a copy of the personal information we hold about you by contacting the Privacy Officer by e-mail at privacy.officer @ ft.com or writing to :  Company Secretary The Financial Times Ltd Number One Southwark Bridge London SE1 9HL United Kingdom We may charge the statutory allowable fee for provision of this information . We do not intentionally collect any information on children under 14 years of age . We will undertake to delete any details of such users where a parent or guardian has notified us that any such details have been obtained . This policy is effective from 22nd May 2012 . From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy statement to reflect any changes to our privacy practices in accordance with changes to legislation , best practice or website enhancements.enhancements . 
Privacy Policy Topix respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use Topix 's services ( " Topix Services " ) . Individually identifiable information about you is not willfully disclosed to any third party without first receiving your permission or as explained in this privacy policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) . Upon your first visit to Topix.com , Topix sends a " cookie " to your computer . A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user . Topix uses cookies to improve the quality of our service and to understand our user base more . Topix does this by storing user preferences in cookies and by tracking user trends and patterns of how people use the Topix Services . Topix will not disclose its cookies to third parties except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute , or court order . Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies . You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent . Be aware , however , that some parts of the Topix Services may not function properly if you refuse cookies . In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser . Topix does not collect any unique information about you ( such as your name , email address , etc. )  except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information . For example , Topix DOES collect such information from those users registering as Community Users and/or User Editors . Topix notes and saves information such as time of day , browser type , browser language , and IP address with each query . That information is used to verify our records and to provide more relevant services to users . For example , Topix may use your IP address or browser language to determine which language to use when showing search results or advertisements . The stories/sites displayed and/or linked to by the Topix.com Service are developed by people over whom Topix exercises no control . Other links are also on sites not controlled by Topix . These other sites may send their own cookies to users , collect data , or solicit personal information . Topix encourages you to read the privacy policy of all web sites you visit . Topix may choose to exhibit its results in the form of a " URL redirecter. "  When Topix uses a URL redirecter , if you click on a URL on a Topix page , information about the click is sent to Topix , and Topix in turn sends you to the site you clicked on . Topix uses this URL information to understand and improve the quality of Topix 's technology . Topix may share information about you with advertisers , business partners , sponsors , and other third parties . However , we only divulge aggregate information about our users and will not share personally identifiable information with any third party without your express consent . For example , we may disclose how frequently the average Topix user visits Topix , or which Topix pages are most often used . Please be aware , however , that we will release specific personal information about you if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute , or court order . Further , Topix reserves the right to cooperate with legitimate law enforcement requests for information at its sole discretion . We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 . If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13 , we will delete that information from our systems . Topix uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site . These companies may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you . To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt out , you can visit www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . This automatically-collected data is also used by Topix to analyze trends , administer the site and track users ' use of the site . In addition , Topix collects personally identifiable information from users ( including email addresses , names , gender , date of birth , and zip code ) during the registration process . This information may be used by Topix to improve our site and the overall user experience . Topix may , through its website , iPhone applications and related sites , request your location via a geolocation service . Through this service Topix may collect , depending on the capabilities of your device , information about the wifi routers closest to you , indentifying information related to the cell towersclosest to you , and the strength of your wifi or cell signal . Topix will use this information to return an estimated location . This information ( including your IP address ) may then be used by Topix to develop new features , products or services . This information may also be shared on an aggregated or individual basis with our third party advertisers to display better-targeted advertising content . By using the Topix Services and our web site , you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this policy and to our Terms of Service Policy . Topix may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time . When we do , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it . Feel free to contact us any time and we 'll answer any additional questions you may have . If you have additional questions , feel free to contact us . 
The Privacy Policy ( hereinafter " the policy " ) provided below is with respect to our use and protection of any personal information you provide to us through the hindustantimes.com website . HT Media Ltd. is the sole owner of the website www.hindustantimes.com ( hereinafter " website " ) . The Policy is applicable to the website . It may also be applicable generally to our other related websites provided it appears at the footer of the page therein . You may be required to provide personally identifiable information at several different points on our website . By accepting the policy at the time of registration , you expressly approve and consent to our collection , storage , use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Policy . You can visit/surf our website without providing any personal information . However , if you choose to avail of certain services on our website , you shall be required to provide certain information for the registration and/or access to such services/web pages . Such information may include , without limitation , your name , email address , contact address , mobile/telephone number ( s ) , sex , age , occupation , interests , financial information , content , IP address , standard web log information and such other information as may be required for your interaction with the services . a ) At HT Media We collect only Non-Personally Identifiable Information ( Non-PII ) of users . We clearly state that that information which is collected is divulged only in the event if user chooses to provide his/her information based on his/her knowledge and self-consent or for any compliance , statutory , governance , legal issues etc . b ) Opt-in or Opt-out : The choice to do so is available/freely at all times via aSpecial media 's , " Preferences " page via Self blocking of cookies via browser option or user may choose the Opt-in or out from our partner 's website at http : //aspecialmedia.com/preferences.html If you choose to provide us with the abovementioned information , you consent to the use , transfer and storage of the information so provided by you on our servers . The information provided by you shall not be sold/given/rented to third parties ( third parties for this purpose do not include our group / holding / subsidiary companies and or our service partners / associates ) for marketing purposes and other related activities without your prior consent . The information provided by you shall be used by us to :  Improve our website and enable us to provide you the most user-friendly experience which is safe , smooth and customized ;  Improve and customize our services , content and other commercial /non - commercial features on the website ;  Send you information on our products , services , special deals , promotions ;  Send you marketing/promotional communications ( If you do not wish to receive such marketing/promotional communications from us you may indicate your preferences at the time of registration or by following the instructions provided on the website or by providing instructions to this effect ) ;  Send newsletter ( s ) to you ( Provided you subscribe to the same ) ;  Send you service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so ;  Provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our website ( If you participate , we may request certain additional personally identifiable information from you . Moreover , participation in these surveys or contests is shall be completely voluntary and you therefore shall have a choice whether or not to disclose such additional information ) ;  Provide customer support and the services you request ;  Resolve disputes , if any and troubleshooting ;  Avoid/check illegal and/or potentially prohibited activities and to enforce Agreements ;  Provide service updates and promotional offers related to our services/products . Comply with any court judgment / decree / order / directive / legal & government authority /applicable law ;  Investigate potential violations or applicable national & international laws ;  Investigate deliberate damage to the website/services or its legitimate operation ;  Detect , prevent , or otherwise address security and/or technical issues ;  Protect the rights , property or safety of HTML and/or its Directors , employees and the general public at large ; and Respond to Claims of third parties ;  The personal information provided by you shall also be disclosed to :  The members of our corporate family , affiliates , service providers and third parties under a contract to provide joint services , contents and marketing communications ; and Other third parties to whom you explicitly require us to send the information ;  If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our website , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address . We will automatically send your friend an email inviting him or her to visit the website . However , your friend may contact us to request that he does not require such services/content/email or we remove the information related to him from our database . Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us , we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password . We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries with respect to our services/content , to provide the services you request , and to manage your account . We will communicate with you by email or telephone , in accordance with your wishes . In order to provide certain services to you , we may on occasion supplement the personal information you submitted to us with information from third party sources ( third parties for this purpose may include our group / holding / subsidiary companies and or our service partners / associates ) . We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our website . We use cookies on the website but do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our website . We do not set cookies to store your passwords . If you reject cookies , you will still use our website . We have no access to or control over third party cookies and we do n't store any cookies and just use the facility of .net framework for page output cache . This privacy statement does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers . You can access and modify your personal information by signing on to the website . We will not modify the information provided by you . However , you must update your personal information as soon as such changes are necessitated . Where you make a public posting , you may not be able to change or remove it nor shall you be able to close your account . Upon your request , we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible , based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law ( s ) . However , we will retain your personal information from closed accounts to comply with law , Avoid/check illegal and/or potentially prohibited activities and to enforce User Agreements ; Comply with any court judgment / decree / order / directive / legal & government authority /applicable law ; Investigate potential violations or applicable national & international laws ; Investigate deliberate damage to the website/services or its legitimate operation ; Detect , prevent , or otherwise address security and/or technical issues ; Protect the rights , property or safety of HTML and/or its Directors , employees and the general public at large ; Respond to Claims of third parties ; and take such other actions as may be permitted by law . Your password is the key to your account . You shall be solely responsible for all the activities happening under your username and you shall be solely responsible for keeping your password secure . Do not disclose your password to anyone . If you share your password or your personal information with others , you shall be solely responsible for all actions taken under your username and you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf . Therefore , if your password has been compromised for any reason , you should immediately change your password . In the event HT Media Ltd. goes through a business transition , such as a merger , acquisition by another company , or sale of all or a portion of its assets , your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred . Where your information is transferred you will be notified via email/prominent notice on our website for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information . The security of your personal information is important to us . When you enter your personal information we treat the data as an asset that must be protected and use tools ( encryption , passwords , physical security , etc. )  to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure . However , no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security nor can we guarantee that third parties shall not unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications , and that other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that you provide . Therefore , although we work hard to protect your information , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information or private communications will always remain private . The website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by HT Media Ltd . Please be aware that we , HT Media Ltd. and/or the website , are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites . We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information . This privacy statement applies only to information collected by the website or to our other related websites provided it appears at the footer of the page therein . It does not apply to third party advertisements which appear on our websites and we suggest you read the privacy statements of such advertisers . If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement and such other places we deem appropriate so that you are updated about the manner we collect information , what information we collect , how we use it and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it . We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently at If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact us 
Privacy Policy This privacy policy describes how we handle your personal information . We collect , use , and share personal information to help the classified.bdnews24.com website work and to keep it safe ( details below ) . In formal terms , bdnews24.com , acting itself and through its subsidiaries , is the " data controller " of your personal information . Information posted on bdnews24.com is obviously publicly available . Our servers are located in Dhaka , Bangladesh . Therefore , if you choose to provide us with personal information , you are consenting to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers . We collect and store the following personal information :  email address , physical contact information , and ( depending on the service used ) sometimes financial information ;  computer sign-on data , statistics on page views , traffic to and from bdnews24.com and Ad data ( all through cookies you can take steps to disable the cookies on your browser although this is likely to affect your ability to use the site ) ;  other information , including users IP address and standard web log information . We may use users ' personal information to : provide our service ( s ) ; resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems ; encourage safe trading and enforce our policies ; customize users ' experience , measure interest in our services , and inform users about services and updates ; marketing and promotional purposes ;  All information contained by bdnews24.com is treated as strictly confidential and bdnews24.com does not and will not disclose or share such confidential information to / with any external organization . The users ' privacy is very important to us . We do not and shall not at any point in time , either sell or rent users ' personal information to third parties without users ' explicit consent . We may be required from time to time to disclose users ' personal information to Governmental or law enforcing agencies or our regulators , but we will only do so under proper jurisdiction . bdnews24.com also reserves the right to make use of the personal information in any investigation or judicial process relating to fraud on account of such transactions during the period bdnews24.com retains such information . We may also disclose personal information to enforce our policies , respond to claims that a posting or other content violates other 's rights , or protects anyone 's rights , property or safety . We may share personal information with :  - Corporate affiliates who help to detect or prevent potentially illegal acts and provide joint services ( Our corporate affiliates will market only to users who ask them to ) . - Service providers who help with our business operations . You may use personal information gathered from classified.bdnews24.com only to follow up with another user about a specific posting , not to send spam / phising or collect personal information from someone who has n't agreed to that . The bdnews24.com site and Content available through the Service may contain features and functionalities that may link you or provide you with access to third party content which is completely independent of bdnews24.com , including web sites , directories , servers , networks , systems , information and databases , applications , software , programs , products or services , and the Internet as a whole . Access to the Service bdnews24.com grants you a limited , revocable , nonexclusive license to access the Service for your own personal use . This license does not include : ( a ) access to the Service by Posting Agents ; or ( b ) any collection , aggregation , copying , duplication , display or derivative use of the Service nor any use of data mining , robots , spiders , or similar data gathering and extraction tools for any purpose unless expressly permitted by bdnews24.com . A limited exception to ( b ) is provided to general purpose internet search engines and non-commercial public archives that use such tools to gather information for the sole purpose of displaying hyperlinks to the Service , provided they each do so from a stable IP address or range of IP addresses using an easily identifiable agent and comply with file system . You can see , modify or erase your personal information by reviewing your posting or account status page . Contact customer support at privacy @ bdnews24.com to review any personal information we store that is not available on classified.bdnews24.com . There may be a charge associated with such requests but these will not exceed the amounts permitted by law . We delete personal information when we no longer need it for the purposes we described earlier . We retain personal information as permitted by law to resolve disputes , enforce our policies ; and prevent bad guys from coming back . We use a number of mechanisms ( encryption , passwords , physical security ) to protect the security and integrity of your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure . Unfortunately , no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure . So while we strive to protect such information , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk . Once any personal information comes into our possession , we will take reasonable steps to protect that information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access , modification or disclosure . Users who use any of the features on classifieds.bdnews24.com agree and accept that they have been fully informed by bdnews24.com that the use of features may lead to publication , to all users of classified.bdnews24.com , of any personal information posted by them while using any specific feature on classified.bdnews24.com . Users further agree that the authenticity of , and consequences from the posting by users of any personal information of themselves or any other person , are the sole responsibility of the user . Users further agree and accept that the terms of the Privacy Policy will be applicable to the use of all features , existing and new . However , the Users agree and accept that confidentiality of information posted on such features has been waived by the Users of such features themselves . We may update , upgrade , modify ( partially & /or fully ) this policy at any time , with updates taking effect when you next post or after 30 days , whichever is sooner . If we or our corporate affiliates are involved in a merger or acquisition , we may share personal information with another company , but this policy will continue to apply . Send questions about this policy to privacy @ bdnews24.com . 
Newsmax Media , Inc. , including newsmax.com , newsmaxhealth.com , moneynews.com , newsmaxworld.com , lignet.com , fbtalliance.com , shop.newsmax.com , the Newsmax Magazine Mobile Application , and any other affiliated sites or mobile applications operated by Newsmax Media , Inc. ( the Newsmax Offerings ) , is committed to maintaining the privacy of all visitors to the Newsmax Offerings as described by this Privacy Policy . BY USING THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS , YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OF OUR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY . IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY , YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS . YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS INDICATES TO US THAT YOU HAVE READ AND AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND THAT YOU ACCEPT ANY CHANGES THERETO , WHETHER OR NOT YOU HAVE ACTUALLY REVIEWED EITHER THE POLICY OR ANY CHANGES THERETO . This Privacy Policy explains how we collect your Personal Data ( as defined below ) on the Newsmax Offerings , how we protect such data , and the choices you have concerning our use of such data . Please read this Privacy Policy carefully . This Privacy Policy represents our current ( as of the last updated date , above ) data collection and usage practices . Newsmax will from time to time review and revise these practices . We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy here . Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis . For the purposes of this Privacy Policy , " Newsmax " , " we " , " us " , and " our " means Newsmax Media , Inc. and its affiliates . This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by the Newsmax Offerings . We are not responsible for the privacy of any information ( i ) that you reveal or post in any public forum that may be or in the future become available on the Newsmax Offerings , such as message boards or chat rooms , ( ii ) that is available now to the general public through no action or fault of Newsmax , or ( iii ) that Newsmax receives from any third party reasonably known to have a legal right to transmit such information and under no obligation to keep such information confidential . We are also not responsible for the privacy practices of websites that are operated or owned by third parties that may be linked to or from the Newsmax Offerings . Personal data is information that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you , such as your name , e-mail address , postal address , or phone number ( " Personal Data " ) . Newsmax may collect Personal Data from you when you enroll in , subscribe to or agree to purchase any of our paid goods and services , or register for news alerts on the Newsmax Offerings . In addition to information collected during registration , enrollment , subscription or purchase , Newsmax may collect Personal Data knowingly provided by you in e-mails to the Newsmax Offerings , online forms , order and registration forms , surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and contest entries . Providing this information is always at your option , although your failure to provide Personal Data in such instances may limit your ability to use such features of the Newsmax Offerings . In all of these cases , we will collect Personal Data from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us . We will not sell , share , license , trade or rent your Personal Data other than as specified in this Privacy Policy , unless we have your consent to do so . We may , from time to time in emails , alerts or other mailings you have agreed to accept from us , include advertisements , sponsorships , other offers from or information about third parties . This does not and will not mean that Newsmax endorses any specific products or services available from such third parties . Such materials from those third parties , regardless of their relationship with us , are provided merely for information purposes and users should make their own judgments and evaluation of any services or products available on any other websites . You do not have to provide us with any Personal Data to visit the Newsmax Offerings . However , if you choose to withhold requested information , you may not be able to visit all sections or use all features of the Newsmax Offerings . In addition to Personal Data , Newsmax and service providers it engages may collect and/or track information that by itself is not used to identify you personally or to contact you , such as demographic information , domain names , computer type , browser types , screen resolution , and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of the Newsmax Offerings ( " Monitoring Data " ) . We use Monitoring Data to help us understand who uses the Newsmax Offerings and to improve Newsmax 's websites . To enhance the Internet experience on the Newsmax Offerings , Newsmax and service providers it engages may use various Internet technologies such as , cookies , ' web beacons , ' action tags , ' web bug , ' .gif tags , ' and JavaScript ' ( together , " Tracking Tools " ) . Tracking Tools are files or tools that are placed on your computer in order to identify your Web browser and the activities of your computer on the Newsmax Offerings . Newsmax uses these technologies to customize and enhance the Internet experience of individual users . When you revisit the Newsmax Offerings , Newsmax may recognize you by a Tracking Tool and customize your experience accordingly . For example , once you have completed the registration process , a cookie will be used to remember your registration preferences . You may decline Internet cookies , if any , by using the appropriate feature of your Web browser software , if available . If cookies are disabled , however , all features of the Newsmax Offerings may not operate as intended . Information about the procedure you are required to follow in order to disable cookies can be found on your Internet browser provider 's website . We believe Tracking Tool technologies add value to the user experience , and the information obtained through these technologies is not sold or otherwise made available to third parties by Newsmax , other than as may from time to time be specified in this Privacy Policy . Newsmax may use Personal Data and Monitoring Data it collects for editorial and feedback purposes , marketing and promotion , statistical analysis of users ' behavior , product development , delivering products and services , providing customer support , customizing and improving the content and layout of the Newsmax Offerings , completing business transactions , administering individual accounts and meeting government regulatory requirements such as sales tax collection . Monitoring Data may be used for internal or external purposes such as researching and identifying market segments and needs . Newsmax may share your Personal Data and other data collected with service providers , affiliates , and subsidiaries in connection with the services we provide . Newsmax may disclose your Personal Data to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary ( a ) to comply with applicable laws , rules , or regulations , or to preserve Newsmax 's legal rights in the Newsmax Offerings ' content , whether the same arises from contract or through force of law ; ( b ) to provide you with any services , information , special offers , promotions or products you requested or consented to and to allow us to perform other activities related to such services and products ; or ( c ) to operate these Newsmax Offerings and other of Newsmax 's systems properly . Newsmax may also share your Personal Data with a sponsor or other third party that is interested in serving you ( " Third-Party Providers " ) . You may instruct us at any time not to share your Personal Data with such Third-Party Providers by contacting us in the manner provided under " Your Choices Regarding Personal Data Collection and Use " . Newsmax is not responsible for any further use or disclosure of your Personal Data by Third-Party Providers ; such use or disclosure is governed by the Third-Party Providers ' privacy policies . Newsmax reserves the right to transfer Personal Data and Monitoring Data it collects to successors to the relevant portion of any of Newsmax 's businesses or to independent contractors it engages to assist with or perform on Newsmax 's behalf any of the foregoing activities . Also , if Newsmax 's assets are subject to a claim in bankruptcy , Personal Data and Monitoring Data may be an asset subject to the claims of a trustee in bankruptcy and may be available to Newsmax 's creditors . In addition , Newsmax reserves the right to use Personal Data to contact you regarding your account status and changes to this Privacy Policy or any other policies , agreements or transactions relevant to your use of the Newsmax Offerings . Newsmax will take reasonable steps to maintain the integrity of the collected data so that it is reliable and appropriate for the foregoing uses . You may choose to receive promotional correspondence from Newsmax and its marketing partners by checking the appropriate box when you register or by contacting Newsmax via telephone at 800-485-4350 . Newsmax will not share any Personal Data with a third party without giving you the opportunity to choose to share such Data . You may modify , correct , change or update Personal Data that Newsmax has collected via the Newsmax Offerings or request that your Personal Data be removed from Newsmax 's database by contacting Newsmax via the telephone number indicated below . If you have purchased products , including subscriptions , from us in the past , you may also request that your Personal Data be removed from Newsmax 's database by contacting Newsmax via e-mail at customerservice @ Newsmax.com , in addition to contacting us by phone at 800-485-4350 . In any instance , our removal of such information may require you to register again with Newsmax in the event you later wish full access to the Newsmax Offerings . You should be aware that it may not be technologically possible to remove or verify each and every record of information you have provided to us from our system . The need to back-up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your Personal Data may exist in archived systems . However , promptly after receiving your request , all Personal Data stored in databases we actively use and other readily searchable media will be updated , corrected , changed , deleted or confirmed to you , as appropriate , as soon as reasonably practicable . The Newsmax Offerings may contain links to other websites maintained by third parties ( " Other Sites " ) , either as a hyperlink or through a direct data feed accessed by you . Newsmax does not endorse , and is not responsible for , the privacy practices or the content of these websites . You should review the applicable privacy policies in connection with your use of such third party websites . Newsmax has established reasonable precautions to protect collected Personal Data from loss , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration or destruction , which include contractual , administrative , physical , and technical steps . Technical measures include use of firewall protection and encryption technology where appropriate . Although Newsmax takes reasonable precautions to assess the reliability of such technology , it relies on the statements of the vendors of those products and services as part of its security evaluation . BY USING THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS , YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND CONSENT TO THE FACT THAT NEWSMAX SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR FAILURES OF SUCH PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND THAT YOU SHALL HAVE RECOURSE SOLELY AGAINST THE MANUFACTURERS OR VENDORS THEREOF . Please note that while Newsmax has endeavored to create secure and reliable sites and mobile application ( s ) for users , the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to/from Newsmax or the Newsmax Offerings or via e-mail can not be guaranteed . If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy , please call : 800-485-4350 , or mail : Newsmax Media , 1501 Northpoint Parkway , Suite 104 , West Palm Beach , FL 33407 . Questions or concerns regarding Newsmax 's data protection practices should be e-mailed to : customerservice @ newsmax.com . If you choose to contact Newsmax via e-mail about this policy , please mark the subject heading of your e-mail " Privacy Inquiry. "  Read Latest Breaking News from Newsmax.com http : //www.newsmax.com/privacystatement# ixzz2nziBJGbX Urgent : Should Obamacare Be Repealed ? Vote Here Now ! 
Privacy Policy Effective January 23 , 2010 Privacy Notice Table Of Contents : Our Commitment To Privacy The Information We Collect How We Use Information Our Commitment To Data Security Our Commitment To Children 's Privacy How To Access Or Correct Your Information How To Contact Us We take your privacy seriously . To protect it better , this notice explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used . To make this notice easy to find , we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested . This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the DNAIndia.com website . On some pages , you can register for certain services . The types of personal information collected at these pages may include : Name Date of Birth Address Email address Phone number Credit/Debit card information We do not share with outside parties any information that you may give us while registering on the site . We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers . For example , we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website , or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form , but we will not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals . Finally , we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also giving you a chance to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses . To prevent unauthorised access , maintain data accuracy , and ensure the correct use of information , we have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online . Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important . For that reason , we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13 . You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by visiting following URL : http : //www.dnaindia.com/user We use this procedure to better safeguard your information . You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error . To protect your privacy and security , we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections . Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies , please call us at +91-22-43888349 between noon and 8pm IST , Monday to Friday , or send us an email at editoronline @ dnaindia.net . 
Privacy Policy This privacy policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) applies to your use of the U.S. News Services only and does not cover information collected by any third party sites to which the U.S. News Services links , or to any other products or services offered by U.S. News other than on the U.S. News Services . This Privacy Policy is part of , and is hereby incorporated into , the U.S. News Services ' Terms and Conditions . You can read the entire Terms and Conditions by either scrolling up to the top of this Web page or by clicking here . If you do not agree with the Terms and Conditions , including the Privacy Policy , in their entirety , please do not use any U.S. News Services . U.S. News may collect personally identifiable information from you such as your name , telephone number , postal address , e-mail address and credit card information so that we or selected companies can provide you with the products and services you request . For example , we may ask you for your name , e-mail address , and certain other information in connection with certain features . U.S. News may also collect your credit card information when you make a purchase , so that we can process your payment for the product or service you are requesting . During the ordering process , such credit card information is transmitted either to U.S. News or to the particular supplier or service provider who provides the service you are purchasing . In both cases , credit card information is then transmitted to third-party credit card processors and card issuers that use your information to process your order . U.S. News may also collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit the U.S. News Services , such as your browser configuration , the type of operating system you are using , and information about your Internet service provider . We may use the information you supply to fulfill your requests for products and services , to respond to your inquiries , and to offer other products and services from either us or selected companies which may be of interest to you . If you decide that you do not wish to receive such communications from U.S. News and others , you may opt-out of receiving further e-mails and other communications by clicking " Unsubscribe " in any email . If you choose to submit content for publication ( e.g. , a letter to our editors , or information to be posted as a comment ) , we may publish your name , screen name or such other information you supply . If you have indicated interest in receiving information directly from a selected outside company , we may provide such selected outside company with information that may include but not be limited to your name , telephone number , postal address and email address . If you decide that you do not wish to receive further communications from such selected outside company , you will need to so notify such selected outside company . We sometimes use non-personally identifiable information we collect through our use of cookies to improve the design , delivery and content of our publications and the U.S. News Services and to enable us to personalize your user experience . We may also use the non-personally identifiable information we collect in the aggregate to analyze how visitors use the U.S. News Services , as well as to provide you with offers and information about products and services which you have agreed to receive . In addition , U.S. News may disclose information we maintain ( A ) if in good faith we believe that such disclosure is necessary to ( 1 ) comply with the law or legal process ; ( 2 ) protect and defend our rights and property ; ( 3 ) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the U.S. News Services ; or ( 4 ) protect the personal safety , property , or rights of our users or the public , or ( B ) in connection with a corporate transaction , such as a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale . If at some point after giving U.S. News your personally identifying information , you do not wish to continue to receive additional information and offers from U.S. News about U.S. News , from U.S. News 's affiliates , or from selected outside companies , you may opt out of receiving future emails by clicking the " Unsubscribe " link located at the bottom of each e-mail . If you purchased content appearing at www.usnews.com or otherwise purchased products through the U.S. News Store , you can edit your U.S. News Store profile after you have logged into your account . " Cookies " are pieces of information that are placed by the U.S. News Services in a storage place on your computer or mobile device . Cookies do not contain information that is , in itself , personally identifying . Cookies are placed on your computer or mobile device in a limited way to help deliver advertisements , to calculate unique site visitors , and to track usage throughout our site . Other uses include placement of cookies to make the login process more convenient for our services that use logins . In addition , some advertisers or featured services providers may place cookies on your computer or mobile device . These companies may use cookies and other tracking information to collect information about your visits to usnews.com and other websites , so that they can measure the effectiveness of ads , to track page usage and paths followed during visits , and to provide advertisements about goods and services they think will be of interest to you based on your usage . These companies may provide this data to us . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here . We also contract with certain third parties to help manage and optimize the U.S. News Services business , including but not limited to the following companies with whom we share information in order to operate the U.S. News Services and deliver our service to you :  We use the services of a third party marketing company , Omniture , to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use the U.S. News Services . To do this , we use Web beacons and cookies provided by this third party marketing company at the U.S. News Services . This information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors , which of our products most interest our customers , and what kinds of offers our customers like to see . You can " opt-out " of our ability to analyze such Omniture data by clicking here . We also use a third party advertising company , DoubleClick , to deliver ads to you when you visit the U.S. News Services . In the course of providing this service , our third-party advertising company may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser which collects information about your visits to the U.S. News Services , such as the number of times you have viewed an ad ( but not your name , address , e-mail address , telephone number or other personally identifiable information ) . If you would like more information about this practice and to understand your choice not to have this information used by DoubleClick , please click here . We have contracted with a third party , ValueClick , Inc. , to monitor certain pages of the U.S. News Services for the purpose of reporting traffic , statistics , advertisement ' click-throughs ' , and/or other activities on the U.S. News Services . Where authorized by us , ValueClick and its business partners may use cookies , web beacons , and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about visitors to the U.S. News Services . No personally identifiable information is collected by or transferred to any party other than U.S. News . For more information about how the information is collected and used by ValueClick , please see ValueClick 's privacy policy by clicking here . Portions of the U.S. News Services permit you to integrate such U.S. News Service with Facebook . Through such integration , U.S. News may receive personally identifiable information about you such as your name , profile picture , educational institutions you have attended and your major there , work information , fan pages , networks , current location , friends and similar personally identifiable information about your friends who are registered on Facebook ( Friends ) . U.S. News may use this information to customize the services that we provide to you through the U.S. News services . By visiting a U.S. News Service , information that we receive from Facebook about you and your Friends may appear to you on the U.S. News Service . In addition , if you are listed as a Friend on Facebook of other users of U.S. News Services , your Facebook information may appear to those users on the U.S. News Service if they have chosen to integrate their use of U. S. News Services with Facebook . If you wish to opt out of sharing your Facebook information with U.S. News , you must update your Facebook privacy options on your Facebook privacy settings page at www.facebook.com/privacy/ , or you can deactivate Facebook features on the U.S. News Service at http : //colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/friends . No one under the age of 13 should provide any personally identifiable information to U.S. News . In general , U.S. News does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 . If in limited circumstances we do knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 , we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to collection . In the event that we learn that we have collected such information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete this information from our database as quickly as possible . If you believe the U.S. News Services has collected any personally identifiable information about anyone under 13 , please contact us at webmaster @ usnews.com . Users of the U.S. News Services who are California residents and who have provided personally identifiable information to us may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . To make such a request , please send an e-mail to webmaster @ usnews.com with Request for California Privacy Information in the subject line and in the message . 
Effective Date : May 29 , 2012 This Privacy Policy is applicable to www.billboard.com , www.billboard.biz , www.adweek.com , www.backstage.com , www.hollywoodreporter.com , www.clioawards.com , www.filmjournal.comand any other site that may be operated by or for Prometheus Global Media ( together , the " Websites " ) . It explains how we collect information from users of the Websites and how we use such information . Your use of the Websites constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy . Please also read our Terms of Use , which govern the basic operation of the Websites . A. Non-Personally Identifiable Information . When you visit a Website , we may collect certain data that does not tell us specifically who you are . This is Non-Personally Identifiable Information . It includes things like your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type , and the last domain you visited before coming to our Website or the domain you go to when you leave . It also includes various statistical data such as which pages you visit on our Websites , how long you stay on them , and what you click . We may place a cookie on your computer . A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier , sent to your browser from a website 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive . Our preference cookie expires after thirty ( 30 ) days . We may use cookies to keep track of your choice of language and home page preference ; to understand your exposure to certain Internet advertisements as you use the Websites , and to gather usage data that will help us generally improve the quality of the Websites . There is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept cookies . You should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you with certain features on the Websites . We also may use a small piece of code ( sometimes referred to as 1x1 clear pixel , Web beacon or clear GIF ) placed in the pages of the Websites to help us gather additional information about which parts of the site receive the most visitors and other user traffic patterns , and enable us to administer the site . No Personally Identifiable Information ( see below ) is collected through our cookies or Web beacons however we may , from time to time , allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website . These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you . The companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information . To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt out of this type of advertising , you can visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . B. Personally Identifiable Information . We also may collect information that can be used to identify you ( Personally Identifiable Information ) . We only collect Personally Identifiable Information when you specifically provide it to us . For example , in connection with your use of certain features of the Websites you may be asked to create a user account and provide certain information including your name , email addresses , address , and telephone number . You may also provide User Uploaded Information to the Websites , as described in the Terms of Use [ make link ] , or you may provide information such as your credit card number in connection with the purchase of services or content available through the Websites . When you create a user account with a Prometheus Global Media website and sign in to your account on the Websites or post User Uploaded Information , you are not anonymous to us . We may use Personally Identifiable Information to fulfill your requests , respond to your inquiries and provide other services , and to alert you to information , offers , or publications in which we think you may be interested . The emails that we send contain links that enable you to unsubscribe from such mailings . We do not sell Personally Identifiable Information or other information you make available to the Websites , or share such information with third parties , except as described below . From time to time , we may partner with unaffiliated companies or individuals for market research , product development or similar purposes . These companies or individuals may be provided with access to Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information , but we will require by contract that they agree to maintain the confidentiality , security and integrity of such information . We also may subcontract with other companies and individuals to do work on our behalf ; they may be provided with access to Personally Identifiable and Non-Personally Identifiable Information , but only as needed to perform their functions . We may share Personally Identifiable Information with third parties , who may contact you to offer products and services . At any time , you can contact Prometheus Global Media at 1-800-658-8372 and terms @ prometheusgm.comto request that we not share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties . We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction where all or a portion of our business ( e.g. , a portion that includes our customer lists ) is sold or transferred . We also may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information if disclosure is required by law or as part of a lawsuit or government investigation or proceeding , or in order to permit us to exercise or preserve our legal rights or take action regarding potentially illegal activities or to protect the safety of any person . Prometheus Global Media can not ensure or warrant the security or privacy of any information you transmit to us . We attempt to follow policies and procedures that will protect against unauthorized access to your Personally Identifiable Information . But we can make no guarantees or promises in this regard , and you provide information to us at your own risk . We may store the Personally Identifiable Information we hold about you indefinitely . We may store this information in the United States or we may transfer it to any other country . The data protection laws of the countries where we store your personal data may or may not provide a level of protection equivalent to the laws in your home country . Wherever we hold the data , we will apply the terms of this Privacy Policy . This site is not directed at children under the age of 13 and we endeavor not to knowingly collect any Personally Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13 . If a parent or guardian believes that this site has collected the Personally Identifiable Information of a child under the age of 13 , please contact terms @ prometheusgm.com . You may contact us at terms @ prometheusgm.comif at any time you would like to see the Personally Identifiable Information we hold about you , or to ask us to correct or update this information , or to ask us to delete it . Please contact us if you have questions or wish to take any action with respect to information to which this Privacy Policy applies ( see below for contact information ) . You may contact Prometheus Global Media regarding our privacy practices at the following address : Prometheus Global Media 770 Broadway Ave 7th Floor New York , NY 10003 terms @ prometheusgm.com 1-800-658-8372 This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 29 , 2012 . We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time . We do not undertake to provide you with personal notice of any changes . In the event of material changes , we will provide notice by means that are reasonable under the circumstances , such as by posting a notice on the Websites . Your continued use of the Websites following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means you accept those changes . 
Amazon.com Privacy Notice Last updated : April 6 , 2012 . To see what has changed , click here . Amazon.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared , and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly . This notice describes our privacy policy . By visiting Amazon.com , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice . What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon.com Gather ? What About Cookies ? Does Amazon.com Share the Information It Receives ? How Secure Is Information About Me ? What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites ? Which Information Can I Access ? What Choices Do I Have ? Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.com ? Does Amazon.com Participate in the Safe Harbor Program ? Conditions of Use , Notices , and Revisions Examples of Information Collected The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your Amazon experience . Here are the types of information we gather . Information You Give Us : We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way . Click here to see examples of what we collect . You can choose not to provide certain information , but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features . We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests , customizing future shopping for you , improving our stores , and communicating with you . Automatic Information : We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us . For example , like many Web sites , we use " cookies , " and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Amazon.com or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon.com on other Web sites . Click here to see examples of the information we receive . Mobile : When you download or use apps created by Amazon or our subsidiaries , we may receive information about your location and your mobile device , including a unique identifier for your device . We may use this information to provide you with location-based services , such as advertising , search results , and other personalized content . Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services . For more information about how to do this , click here . E-mail Communications : To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting , we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Amazon.com if your computer supports such capabilities . We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies , in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers . If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences . Information from Other Sources : We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information . Click here to see examples of the information we receive . Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as 1-Click purchasing,Recommended for You , personalized advertisements on other Web sites ( e.g. , Amazon Associates with content served by Amazon.com and Web sites using Checkout by Amazon payment service ) , and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits . The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether . Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer . Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.com 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on . For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to Checkout , or use any Amazon.com products and services that require you to Sign in . Information about our customers is an important part of our business , and we are not in the business of selling it to others . We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries Amazon.com , Inc. controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice . Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control : We work closely with affiliated businesses . In some cases , such as Marketplace sellers , these businesses operate stores at Amazon.com or sell offerings to you at Amazon.com . In other cases , we operate stores , provide services , or sell product lines jointly with these businesses . Click here for some examples of co-branded and joint offerings . You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions , and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party . Third-Party Service Providers : We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf . Examples include fulfilling orders , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , providing search results and links ( including paid listings and links ) , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service . They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes . Promotional Offers : Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Amazon.com customers on behalf of other businesses . When we do this , we do not give that business your name and address . If you do not want to receive such offers , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences . Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy stores , subsidiaries , or business units . In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice ( unless , of course , the customer consents otherwise ) . Also , in the unlikely event that Amazon.com , Inc. , or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets . Protection of Amazon.com and Others : We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law ; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of Amazon.com , our users , or others . This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction . Obviously , however , this does not include selling , renting , sharing , or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice . With Your Consent : Other than as set out above , you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information . We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts information you input . We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order . Of course , we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing . It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer . Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer . Click here for more information on how to sign off . Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other Web sites . For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.com , including personalized or interest-based ads , please read our Interest-Based Ads policy . Amazon.com gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Amazon.com for the limited purpose of viewing and , in certain cases , updating that information . Click here to see some examples , the list of which will change as our Web site evolves . As discussed above , you can always choose not to provide information , even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Amazon.com features as Your Profile , Wish Lists , Customer Reviews , and Amazon Prime . You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the " Which Information Can I Access ? " section . When you update information , we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records . If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences . ( If you do not want to receive Conditions of Use and other legal notices from us , such as this Privacy Notice , those notices will still govern your use of Amazon.com , and it is your responsibility to review them for changes. )  If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you , please adjust your Advertising Preferences . The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether . Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer . Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.com 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on . For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to Checkout , or use any Amazon.com products and services that require you to Sign in . Amazon.com does not sell products for purchase by children . We sell children 's products for purchase by adults . If you are under 18 , you may use Amazon.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian . Amazon.com is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and ( 1 ) the European Union and ( 2 ) Switzerland , respectively . We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles agreed upon by the U.S. and ( 1 ) the E.U. and ( 2 ) Switzerland , respectively . For more information about the Safe Harbor and to view our certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site . If you would like to contact Amazon.com directly about the Safe Harbor program , please send an e-mail to safeharbor @ amazon.com . If you choose to visit Amazon.com , your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use , including limitations on damages , resolution of disputes , and application of the law of the state of Washington . If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon.com , please contact us with a thorough description , and we will try to resolve it . Our business changes constantly , and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also . We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes . Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account . We stand behind the promises we make , however , and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers . Related Practices and Information Conditions of Use Discussion Boards Community Rules Help department Most Recent Purchases Your Profile and Community Guidelines Information You Give Us You provide most such information when you search , buy , post , participate in a contest or questionnaire , or communicate with customer service . For example , you provide information when you search for a product ; place an order through Amazon.com or one of our third-party sellers ; provide information in Your Account ( and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us ) or Your Profile ; communicate with us by phone , e-mail , or otherwise ; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form ; use our services such as Amazon Instant Video ; compile Wish Lists or other gift registries ; participate in Discussion Boards or other community features ; provide and rate Reviews ; specify a Special Occasion Reminder ; and employ Product Availability Alerts , such as Available to Order Notifications . As a result of those actions , you might supply us with such information as your name , address , and phone numbers ; credit card information ; people to whom purchases have been shipped , including addresses and phone number ; people ( with addresses and phone numbers ) listed in 1-Click settings ; e-mail addresses of your friends and other people ; content of reviews and e-mails to us ; personal description and photograph in Your Profile ; and financial information , including Social Security and driver 's license numbers . Automatic Information Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; login ; e-mail address ; password ; computer and connection information such as browser type , version , and time zone setting , browser plug-in types and versions , operating system , and platform ; purchase history , which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers ; the full Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) clickstream to , through , and from our Web site , including date and time ; cookie number ; products you viewed or searched for ; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number . We may also use browser data such as cookies , Flash cookies ( also known as Flash Local Shared Objects ) , or similar data on certain parts of our Web site for fraud prevention and other purposes . During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , length of visits to certain pages , page interaction information ( such as scrolling , clicks , and mouse-overs ) , and methods used to browse away from the page . We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes . Mobile Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services . Most likely , these controls are located in the device 's settings menu . For information about specific devices , click here . If you have questions about how to disable your device 's location services , we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer . Information from Other Sources Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties , which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily ; account information , purchase or redemption information , and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical , fulfillment , advertising , or other services ; search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the Web search features offered by our subsidiary , Alexa Internet ; search results and links , including paid listings ( such as Sponsored Links ) ; and credit history information from credit bureaus , which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers . Co-branded and Joint Offerings Examples of businesses with which we offer joint or co-branded products and other offerings include Starbucks , OfficeMax , American Apparel , Verizon Wireless , Sprint , T-Mobile , AT&T , J&R Electronics , PacSun , Eddie Bauer and Northern Tool + Equipment . Information You Can Access Examples of information you can access easily at Amazon.com include up-to-date information regarding recent orders ; personally identifiable information ( including name , e-mail , password , communications and personalized advertising preferences , address book , and 1-Click settings ) ; payment settings ( including credit card information and promotional certificate and gift card balances ) ; e-mail notification settings ( including Product Availability Alerts , Delivers , Special Occasion Reminders , and newsletters ) ; Recommendations ( including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations ) ; shopping lists and gift registries ( including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries ) ; Seller accounts ; and Your Profile ( including your product Reviews , Recommendations , Listmania lists , Reminders , personal profile , and Wish List ) . 
Posted and effective for new users : September 11 , 2013 Effective for current users : October 26 , 2013 Previous version : February 4 , 2013 Effective for new users immediately and for current users on October 26 , 2013 and superseding all previous versions of the Privacy Policy . Your Privacy Rights This Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights regarding our collection , use , storage , sharing , and protection of your personal information . It applies to the eBay.com website and all related sites , applications , services and tools where this policy is referenced , regardless of how you access or use them , including mobile devices . You can view a summary of this Privacy Policy at our Privacy Summary Page . More detailed information about our privacy practices is available at our eBay Privacy Center . The eBay website is a licensee of the TRUSTe Web Privacy Program . If Customer Support can not answer your privacy-related questions , please use the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process . TRUSTe online privacy certification Contents Scope and Consent Global Privacy Standards Mobile Privacy Children 's Privacy Collection of Personal Information Information Sharing and Registration with Social Media Websites Use of Personal Information Communication Preferences Marketing Our Disclosure of Your Information Information You Share on eBay Using Information You Get from eBay Our use of Cookies , Web Beacons , Local Storage , and Similar Technologies No Spam , Spyware , or Spoofing Accessing , Reviewing , and Changing Your Personal Information How We Protect and Store Your Personal Information Third Parties Contact Us By using eBay.com and its related sites , application , services and tools , and/or registering for an eBay account , you expressly consent to our collection , use , disclosure , and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and in our User Agreement . If you reside outside of the United States , you are contracting with one of our international eBay companies : In countries within the European Union , your data controller is eBay Europe S. r.l , 22-24 Boulevard Royal , L-2449 , Luxembourg ; in India , your data controller is eBay India Private Limited , 14th Floor , North Block , R-Tech Park , Western Express Highway , Goregaon ( East ) , Mumbai 400063 , Maharashtra ( India ) ; and in all other countries your data controller is eBay International AG , Helvetiastrasse 15/17 , 3005 , Bern , Switzerland . Throughout this Privacy Policy , we use the term " personal information " to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and could be used to identify that person . We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used , whether in combination with other information or otherwise , to identify a specific person . We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site . All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are initially posted on the site . Additionally , we will notify you through the eBay Message Center and/or via email of any material changes to this Privacy Policy . eBay Inc. has established a set of corporate rules for privacy , known as Binding Corporate Rules ( BCRs ) , which are our global privacy standards for all eBay Inc. companies . These BCRs have been approved by a number of European Union privacy regulators . They are a commitment by eBay Inc. to protect your personal information and honor our privacy obligations regardless of where your personal information is collected , processed or stored . Depending on where you reside , the BCRs may also provide you some additional privacy rights through your local privacy regulator or court . Some eBay-branded websites or websites we operate may be governed by separate privacy policies . The policy that applies on any of our domains or subdomains is always the policy that appears in the footer of each website or is referenced in the application or service . The privacy practices of our corporate family are consistent with those described in this Privacy Policy and our BCRs . More information about our BCRs and our global privacy practices and principles , including information on how to contact us with any questions , is available at our eBay Privacy Center . We may offer you the ability for you to connect with our sites , or use our applications , services , and tools using a mobile device , either through a mobile application or via a mobile optimized website . The provisions of this Privacy Policy apply to all such mobile access and use of mobile devices . This Privacy Policy will be referenced by all such mobile applications or mobile optimized websites . The eBay.com website is a general audience website , and it and its related sites , applications , services , and tools are not intended for children under the age of 13 . We do not knowingly collect personal information via our websites , applications , services , or tools from users in this age group . You can browse our sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself . This information is associated to your account only when you sign in as a registered user . If you register for an account with us , you give us your personal information , and you are not anonymous to us . If you choose to provide us with personal information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States . We collect the following types of personal information in order to provide you with the use of and access to our sites , applications , services and tools , and to help us personalize and improve your experience :  Information we collect automatically : When you visit our sites , use our applications , services , and tools , or interact with our advertising or content , we automatically collect information sent to us by your computer , mobile device , or other access device . This information is associated with you personally only when sign in as a registered user , and includes but is not limited to : device ID or unique identifier , device type , geo-location information , computer and connection information , statistics on page views , traffic to and from the sites , referral URL , ad data , IP address , and standard web log information , anonymous information collected through our use cookies and web beacons Information you give us : We collect and store any information you enter on our sites or you provide to us in context of using our sites , applications , services or tools . This may include , but is not limited to : information you provide us when registering for an account , including email address , phone number , mobile telephone number , physical contact information , and ( depending on the service used ) sometimes financial information , such as credit card or bank account numbers ; addition information you may provide to us via social media sites or services transactional information based on your activities on the sites ( such as bidding , buying , selling , item and content you generate or that relates to your account ) ; shipping , billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item ; information provided in the context of community discussions , chats , dispute resolution , correspondence through our sites , or correspondence sent to us additional personal information we ask you to submit to authenticate yourself or if we believe you are violating site policies ( for example , we may ask you to send us an ID or bill to verify your address , or to answer additional questions online to help verify your identity or ownership of an item you list ) Mobile : When you download or use our Mobile Applications , or access one of our mobile optimized sites , we may receive information about your location and your mobile device , including a unique identifier for your device . We may use this information to provide you with location based services , such as advertising , search results , and other personalized content . Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable location services in the device 's setting 's menu . If you have questions about how to disable your device 's location services , we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or the manufacture of your particular device . Information from other sources : We may receive or collect supplemental information about you from third parties sources and add it to our account information . This may include , but is not limited to , demographic , navigation information , additional contact information , credit check information , and additional information about you from credit bureaus or other sources , as permitted by law . We offer sign-on services that allow you to use third party login credentials to access the eBay site or related sites . We also offer services that allow you to share information with third party social media websites such as Facebook , Google Plus , Twitter , and others . You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by such third party websites . The personal information we have access to varies by website and is controlled your by privacy settings on that website and your consent . By associating an account managed by a third party with your eBay account and authorizing eBay to have access to this information , you agree that eBay may collect , use and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with access to our sites and/or use of our services , applications and tools , provide you with requested customer service and relevant information about your account and our services , and to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient , and customized experience . You agree that we may use your personal information to : provide you access to our sites and the services and customer support you request ; provide customer support you request for financial products offered by members of our corporate family and their financial institution partners ( such as Bill Me Later , a PayPal service ) prevent , detect , and investigate , fraud , security breaches , potentially prohibited or illegal activities , and enforce our User Agreement ; customize , measure and improve our services , content and advertising ; contact you , either via email or telephone , to resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems with your account or our sites , services , applications or tools , or for other purposes authorized by law . contact you , either via email or telephone to inform you about our services and those of our corporate family , deliver targeted marketing , service updates , and promotional offers based on your communication preferences assist in the credit underwriting process in order to provide you with credit offers and opportunities on behalf of members of our corporate family and their financial institution partners ( such as Bill Me Later , a PayPal service ) who offer financial products ; compare information for accuracy , and verify it with third parties ; contact you at any telephone number using auto-dialed or pre-recorded message calls or text ( SMS ) messages ( if applicable ) as authorized for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy provide you other services requested by you as described when we collect the information You can control how and when you want to receive notifications from eBay about your buying and selling activities from the Communication Preference section within My eBay , This is also the place where you can control your member-to-member communication preferences , and choose which newsletters and promotions you want to receive , and the methods by which we may contact you . We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent . We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services , content and advertising . If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us , you can indicate your communications preference in My eBay , or within the direct communication from us . If do not wish to participate in our ad-customization programs , you can opt-out by following the directions provided within the applicable advertisement , or directly at our Ad Choice program . We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements , enforce our policies , respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others , or protect anyone 's rights , property , or safety . Such information will be disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws and regulations . As stated above , we do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent . We may also share your personal information with : Members of the eBay Inc. corporate family to provide joint content and services ( like registration , transactions , and customer support ) , to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts , violations of our policies , fraud and/or data security breaches , and to guide decisions about their products , sites , applications , services and tools , and communications . Members of our corporate family may use this information to send you marketing communications only if you have consented to their services and will use your personal information in compliance with their Privacy Policy and our global privacy standards . Service providers under contract who help with our business operations ( such as , but not limited to , fraud investigations , bill collection , affiliate and rewards programs , site operations , and co-branded credit cards ) . Financial institution partners of eBay corporate family members who offer financial products ( such as WebBank and Comenity Capital Bank ) , with whom we partner with to provide Bill Me Later , a PayPal Service ) to provide joint content and services ( like registration , transactions and customer support ) , to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts , violations of our policies , fraud and/or security breaches , and to guide decisions about their products , websites , applications , services and tools , and communications . These third party financial institution partners will use this information to send you marketing communications only if you have requested their services and will use your personal information in compliance their respective privacy policies and consistent with this privacy policy and our global privacy standards Other eBay users , whether located in your country of residence or outside of your country of residence , as authorized by you or your use of our sites , services , applications or tools . For example , where you are involved in a transaction with another user , the other user may view your email address and request and obtain your contact information and postal address to help complete the transaction ; Other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information ( or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a specific service ) . Law enforcement , governmental agencies , or authorized third-parties , in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us , you , or any other eBay user to legal liability . In such events , we will only disclose information relevant and necessary to the investigation or inquiry , such as name , city , state , ZIP code , telephone number , email address , User ID history , IP address , fraud complaints , bidding and listing history , and anything else we may deem relevant to the investigation . Credit bureaus with which we may report information about your account , including information on late payments , missed payments , or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report . eBay VeRO Program participants under confidentiality agreement , as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringement , piracy , or other unlawful activity . In such events , we will disclose name , street address , city , state , ZIP code , country , phone number , email address and company name . Other business entities , should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity . ( Should such a combination occur , we will require that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information . If your personal information will be used contrary to this policy , you will receive prior notice. ) . Without limiting the above , in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad actors , we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement , other government officials , or other third parties without a subpoena , court order or substantially similar legal procedure , except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss or to report suspected illegal activity . Your User ID is displayed throughout eBay ( and so available to the public ) , and is connected to all of your eBay activity . Other people can see your bids , purchases , items for sale , storefronts , Feedback , ratings and associated comments . Notices sent to other community members about suspicious activity and policy violations on our sites refer to User IDs and specific items . So if you associate your name with your User ID , the people to whom you have revealed your name will be able to personally identify your eBay activities . If you access our sites from a shared computer or a computer in an internet caf , certain information about you , such as your User ID , activity , or reminders from eBay , may also be visible to other individuals who use the computer after you . eBay enables you to share personal and financial information to complete transactions and collect payments . We encourage you to disclose your privacy practices and respect the privacy of other users . We can not guarantee the privacy or security of your information and therefore we encourage you to evaluate the privacy and security policies of your trading partner before entering into a transaction and choosing to share your information . To help protect your privacy , we allow only limited access to other users ' contact , shipping and financial information to facilitate your transactions and collect payments . When users are involved in a transaction , they may have access to each other 's name , User ID , email address and other contact and shipping information . In all cases , you must give other users a chance to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have collected about them . You agree to use user information only for : eBay transaction-related purposes that are not unsolicited commercial messages ; using services offered through eBay ( such as escrow , shipping , and fraud complaints ) , or other purposes that a user expressly chooses . When you visit or interact with our sites , services , applications , messaging ( such as email ) , and tools , we or our authorized service providers may use cookies , web beacons , and other similar technologies for storing information to help provide you with a better , faster , and safer experience . For more detailed information on our use of these technologies , see our policy on Cookies , Web Beacons , and Similar Technologies . We and our users do not tolerate spam . Make sure to set your eBay communication preferences so we communicate to you as you prefer . You are not licensed to add other eBay users , even a user who has purchased an item from you , to your mailing list ( email or physical mail ) without their express consent . To report eBay-related spam or spoof emails to eBay , please forward the email to spam @ ebay.com or spoof @ ebay.com . You may not use our communication tools to send spam or otherwise send content that would violate our User Agreement . We automatically scan and may manually filter messages to check for spam , viruses , phishing attacks and other malicious activity or illegal or prohibited content , but we do not permanently store messages sent through these tools . If you send an email to an email address that is not registered in our community ( via Refer-a-Friend or other tools ) , we do not permanently store that email or use that email address for any marketing purpose . We do not rent or sell these email addresses . Your password is the key to your account . Use unique numbers , letters and special characters , and do not disclose your eBay password to anyone . If you do share your password or your personal information with others , remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account . If you lose control of your password , you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf . Therefore , if your password has been compromised for any reason , you should immediately notify eBay and change your password . You can see , review and change most of your personal information by signing on to eBay . Generally , we will not manually modify your personal information because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely . You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate . Once you make a public posting , you may not be able to change or remove it . Upon your request , we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible , based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law . We do retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with law , prevent fraud , collect any fees owed , resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems , assist with any investigations , enforce our eBay User Agreement , and take other actions otherwise permitted by law . We store and process your personal information on our computers in the US and elsewhere in the world where our facilities are located . We protect your information using technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure and alteration . Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption , physical access controls to our data centers , and information access authorization controls . We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date , and we provide you with the opportunity to update your information through your account profile settings . We retain information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations . In addition , we may retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with the law , prevent fraud , collect any fees owed , resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems , assist with any investigation , enforce our User Agreement and take other actions permitted by law . Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy , this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you . If you disclose your information to others , whether they are bidders , buyers or sellers on our sites or other sites throughout the internet , different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you provide to them . eBay does not control the privacy policies of third parties , and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable . We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others . If your questions are not answered online , you may write to us at : eBay Inc . Attn : Legal - Global Privacy Practices , 2145 Hamilton Avenue , San Jose , California 95125 , or using the Contact Us form . More information about the Global Privacy Office or how to contact us is available at our eBay Privacy Center . 
Amazon.co.uk Privacy Notice Last Updated : 25 September 2012 . To view changes to the Privacy Notice please click here Amazon.co.uk knows that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly . This notice describes the privacy policy of Amazon.co.uk . By visiting Amazon.co.uk , you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice . Controllers of Personal Information What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon.co.uk Gather ? What About Cookies ? Does Amazon.co.uk Share the Information it Receives ? How Secure Is Information About Me ? What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites ? What Information Can I Access ? What Choices Do I Have ? Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.co.uk ? Notices and Revisions Examples of Information Collected Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon.co.uk is controlled by Amazon EU SARL , Amazon Services Europe SARL and Amazon Media EU SARL ( the data controllers ) , all three at 5 Rue Plaetis L-2338 , Luxembourg . Amazon.co.uk Ltd of Patriot Court , 1-9 The Grove , Slough , Berkshire , England SL1 1QP UK acts as data processor on behalf of the data controllers . Amazon.com , Inc. and its controlled US subsidiaries are participants in the Safe Harbour programme developed by the US Department of Commerce and the European Union . These Amazon Group companies have certified that they adhere to the Safe Harbour Privacy Principles agreed upon by the US and the EU . For more information about the Safe Harbour and to view these Amazon Group companies ' certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbour website . If you would like to contact Amazon directly about the Safe Harbour programme , please send an e-mail to safeharbor @ amazon.com . Back to top The information we learn from customers helps us personalise and continually improve your shopping experience at Amazon.co.uk . We use the information to handle orders , deliver products and services , process payments , communicate with you about orders , products , services and promotional offers , update our records and generally maintain your accounts with us , display content such as wish lists and customer reviews and recommend merchandise and services that might be of interest to you . We also use this information to improve our store and platform , prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our website and enable third parties to carry out technical , logistical or other functions on our behalf . Here are the types of information we gather . Information You Give Us : we receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way . Click here to see examples of what we collect . You can choose not to provide certain information but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features . We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests , customising future shopping for you , improving our stores , and communicating with you . Automatic Information : we receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us . For example , like many websites , we use " cookies " and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Amazon.co.uk or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon.co.uk on other Web sites . Click here to see examples of the information we receive . Mobile : When you download or use apps created by Amazon or its subsidiaries and , where applicable , have requested or consented to location services , we may receive information about your location and your mobile device , including a unique identifier for your device . We may use this information to provide you with location-based services , such as search results , and other personalised content . Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services . For more information about how to do this , click here . E-mail Communications : to help us make e-mails more useful and interesting , we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Amazon.co.uk if your computer supports such capabilities . We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers . If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences Information from Other Sources : we might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information . Click here to see examples of the information we receive . Back to top To enable our systems to recognise your device and to provide features to you , we use cookies . For more information about cookies and how we use them , please read our Cookies & Internet Advertising policy . Back to top Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling it to others . Amazon.co.uk shares customer information only as described below and with Amazon.com , Inc. and the subsidiaries which Amazon.com , Inc. , controls and that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice . Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control : We work closely with affiliated businesses . In some cases , such as Marketplace sellers , these businesses operate stores at Amazon.co.uk or sell offerings to you at Amazon.co.uk . In other cases , we operate stores , provide services or sell product lines jointly with or on behalf of these businesses . Click here for some examples of co-branded and joint offerings . You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party . Third Party Service Providers : We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf . Examples include fulfilling orders , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , analysing data , providing marketing assistance , providing search results and links ( including paid listings and links ) , processing credit card payments and providing customer service . They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes . Further , they must process the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws . Promotional Offers : Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Amazon.co.uk customers on behalf of other businesses . When we do this , we do not give that business your name and address . If you do not want to receive such offers , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences . Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy stores , subsidiaries or business units . In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice ( unless , of course , the customer consents otherwise ) . Also , in the unlikely event that Amazon.com , Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets . Protection of Amazon.co.uk and Others : We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law ; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property or safety of Amazon.co.uk , our users or others . This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction . Obviously , however , this does not include selling , renting , sharing or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in a way that is contrary to the commitments made in this Privacy Notice . With your consent : other than as set out above , you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information . Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area in the course of sharing information as set out above , we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection . Back to top We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts information you input . We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order . Of course , we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing . We maintain physical , electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection , storage and disclosure of personally identifiable customer information . Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you . It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer . Be sure to sign off when you finish using a shared computer . Click here for more information on how to sign off . Back to top Our site may include third-party advertising and links to other Web sites . For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.co.uk , including personalised or interest-based ads , please read our Cookies & Internet Advertising policy . Back to top Amazon.co.uk gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Amazon.co.uk for the limited purpose of viewing and , in certain cases , updating that information . Click here to see some examples . This list will change as our website evolves . Back to top As discussed above , you can always choose not to provide information , even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Amazon.co.uk features as Your Profile , Wish Lists , Customer Reviews and Amazon Prime . You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the Which Information Can I Access ? section . When you update information , we usually keep a copy of the previous version for our records . If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences . ( If you do not want to receive Conditions of Use and Sale and other legal notices from us , such as this Privacy Notice , those notices will still govern your use of Amazon.co.uk and orders placed with Amazon.co.uk , and it is your responsibility to review them for changes. )  If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalise advertisements we display to you , please adjust your Advertising Preferences . The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether . Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer . However , because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.co.uk 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on . For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket , proceed to Checkout , or use any Amazon.co.uk products and services that require you to Sign in . Back to top Amazon.co.uk does not sell products for purchase by children . We sell children 's products for purchase by adults . If you are under 18 , you may use Amazon.co.uk only with the involvement of a parent or guardian . Back to top If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon.co.uk , please e-mail us with a thorough description and we will try to resolve the issue for you . Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use and Sale will change also . We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , unless you have instructed us not to , but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes . Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account . We stand behind the promises we make , however , and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers . Conditions of Use and Sale Discussion Boards Help Desk Most Recent Purchases Your Profile and Community Guidelines Back to top Information You Give Us You provide most such information when you search , buy , post , participate in a contest or questionnaire or communicate with customer service . For example , you provide information when you : search for a product ; place an order through Amazon.co.uk or one of our third-party sellers ; provide information in Your Account ( and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us ) or your Your Profile ; communicate with us by phone , e-mail or otherwise ; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form ; use our services ; compile Wish Lists or other gift registries ; participate in Discussion Boards or other community features ; provide and rate Reviews ; specify a Special Occasion Reminder ; and employ Product Availability Alerts , such as Available to Order Notifications . As a result of those actions , you might supply us with such information as : your name ; address and phone number ; credit card information ; people to whom purchases have been dispatched ( including addresses and phone numbers ) ; people ( with addresses and phone numbers ) listed in 1-Click settings ; e-mail addresses of your friends and other people ; content of reviews and e-mails to us ; personal description and photograph in your Your Profile ; and financial information . Automatic Information Examples of the information we collect and analyse include : the Internet protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; login ; e-mail address ; password ; computer and connection information such as browser type and version ; and time zone setting , browser plug-in types and versions ; operating system and platform ; purchase history , which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features such as Best Sellers ; the full Uniform Resource Locators ( URL ) clickstream to , through and from our website ( including date and time ) ; cookie number ; products you viewed or searched for ; and any phone number used to call our customer service number . We may also use browser data such as cookies , Flash cookies ( also known as Flash Local Shared Objects ) , or similar data on certain parts of our website for fraud prevention and other purposes . During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , length of visits to certain pages , page interaction information ( such as scrolling , clicks , and mouse-overs ) , and methods used to browse away from the page.We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes . Mobile Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services . Most likely , these controls are located in the device 's settings menu . For information about specific devices , click here . If you have questions about how to disable your device 's location services , we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer . Information from Other Sources Examples of information we receive from other sources include : updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties , which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily ; account information , purchase or redemption information and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical , fulfillment , advertising or other services ; search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the Web search features offered by our subsidiary , Alexa Internet ; search results and links , including paid listings ( such as Sponsored Links ) ; and credit history information from credit bureaus , which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers . Co-Branded and Joint Offerings We may from time to time offer joint or co-branded products and services . Information You Can Access Examples of information you can access easily at Amazon.co.uk include : up-to-date information regarding recent orders ; personally identifiable information ( including name , e-mail , password , communications and personalised advertising preferences , address book and 1-Click settings ) ; payment settings ( including credit-card information and gift certificate , gift card and cheque balances ) ; e-mail notification settings ( including Product Availability Alerts , Delivers , Special Occasion Reminders , and newsletters ) ; recommendations ( including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations ) ; shopping lists and gift registries ( including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries ) Seller accounts and Your Profile ( including your product Reviews , Recommendations , Listmania lists , Reminders and personal profile ) . 
This Privacy Policy explains our policy regarding the collection , use , disclosure and transfer of your information by the Netflix family of companies ( " Netflix " ) ( help.netflix.com/article/en/node/6592 ) . To learn which company is responsible for processing your personal information and for instructions on how to contact us , please see the International Users/Contacting Us section below . By using , visiting or browsing the Netflix service , you accept and agree to our information practices described below . Please note that this Privacy Policy includes embedded hyperlinks that may only be accessed through our website , so if you are reviewing this Privacy Policy through certain Netflix ready devices ( for example game consoles or Internet enabled televisions ) , you may need to visit the website to review these hyperlinked terms . Collection and Use of Information Disclosure of Personal Information Social Sharing Other Websites , Platforms and Applications Children Right to Access Your Information Cookies and Internet Advertising Security Changes to This Policy Transfer of Information International Users/Contacting Us We receive and store information , including personal information , about you and your use of our service . This information is gathered in a number of ways , including when you enter it on our website and from interactions with our service . In this Privacy Policy , we use the term personal information to mean information that can be used to uniquely identify or contact you . Non-personal information is information that does not permit direct association with you . We may collect , use , transfer and disclose non-personal information for any purpose . You can choose not to provide personal information we may request of you , but , in general , most of the personal information we request is required in order to provide our service and the lack of such personal information will prevent us from doing so . When you interact with us , we may ask you to supply us with personal information so that we can provide , enhance and personalize our services and marketing efforts . For similar reasons , we may supplement the personal information you provide with publicly available information about you as well as information from other sources , as permitted by law . We use this personal information for various reasons , including to process your registration , your orders and your payments , and to communicate on these and other topics . For example , we may use your e-mail address or other methods to send newsletters , messages about new Netflix features , Netflix special offers , promotional announcements , consumer surveys and other correspondence and marketing concerning our service . If you no longer want to receive certain communications from us via email , simply access the " Email preferences " ( https : //www.netflix.com/EmailPreferences ) link on the " Your Account " page of our website ( https : //www.netflix.com/YourAccount ) and uncheck those items to unsubscribe , or click the unsubscribe link in the email . For information about opting out of certain postal communications , please visit https : //help.netflix.com/article/en/node/8748# gsc.tab=0 . Please note that you can not unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us , including messages relating to your account transactions . We keep track of your interactions with us and collect information related to you and your use of our service , including but not limited to : your online activity , title selections , reviews , ratings , payment history , correspondence , Internet protocol addresses , device and software data ( such as type , configuration and unique identifiers ) , instant watching of movies , TV shows and related activity . We use this information for such purposes as determining your general geographic location , providing localized content , enforcing our terms ( such as determining your eligibility for a free trial ) , providing recommendations on movies & TV shows we think will be enjoyable , personalizing the service and our marketing to better reflect particular interests , tracking your instant-watching hours , determining your Internet service provider , helping us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests and otherwise analyzing , enhancing , administering or promoting our service offering for you and other users . We may supplement this information with information from other sources , including offline data and your browsing behavior on other sites and interactions with our advertising . We also provide analysis of our users in the aggregate or otherwise in anonymous form to prospective partners , advertisers and other third parties . We may also disclose and otherwise use , on an anonymous basis , movie & TV show ratings , consumption habits , commentary , reviews and other information . For example , we use movie & TV show ratings and consumption behavior to improve our recommendations to you as well as other users . While using the Netflix service , you will have opportunities to post reviews or other information in public forums . Please understand that when you post such information , it is made public and is not subject to this policy . We are not responsible for any third party 's use of information you publicly disclose through our service . From time to time , we may partner with companies whose products we believe will interest our members . In conjunction with these partners , we may send promotional announcements and/or serve web-based advertisements on their behalf , as permitted by law . You can go to the " Email preferences " ( https : //www.netflix.com/EmailPreferences ) link on the " Your Account " page and request that your name be excluded from marketing emails . You may connect one or more social networks ( such as Facebook ) with your Netflix account . If you choose to do so , we will collect and use information from your social networking account ( s ) and your use of our social features . For more details about our social features , information we collect and use , as well as account connection , including how to disconnect , see our Social Terms ( https : //www.netflix.com/socialterms ) . Back to top We may share your personal information among the Netflix family of companies ( https : //help.netflix.com/article/en/node/6592 ) . The Netflix companies that access your personal information will follow practices that are consistent with the practices described in this Privacy Policy . In addition we use other companies , agents or contractors ( Service Providers ) to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with the provision of services to you . For example , we engage Services Providers to provide marketing , communications , infrastructure and IT services , personalize and optimize our service , process credit card transactions , provide customer service , collect debts , analyze and enhance data , including users ' interaction with our service , and process consumer surveys . In the course of providing such services , these other companies may have access to your personal information . We do not authorize these companies to use or disclose your personal information except in connection with providing the services we request of them . We may offer joint promotions or programs that , in order for participation , will require personal information be shared with third parties . For example , we may partner with companies that offer incentives , such as frequent flyer mileage awards , if you sign up or otherwise utilize our service . In fulfilling these types of promotions , we may share your name and other information in connection with fulfilling the incentive . By participating in such joint promotions or programs , you agree to our sharing of your information . Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third party businesses . Netflix also reserves the right to disclose personal information if we reasonably believe that access , use , preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to ( a ) satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process , or governmental request , ( b ) enforce applicable terms of use , including investigation of potential violations thereof , ( c ) detect , prevent , or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities , security or technical issues , or ( d ) protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Netflix , its users or the public as required or permitted by law . In connection with any reorganization , restructuring , merger or sale , or other transferring of assets we reserve the right to transfer information , including personal information , provided that the receiving party agrees to respect your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Policy . Back to top You may elect to share information about your use of the Netflix service , including what you watch , within Netflix as well as on other social networks and in other communications . Your use of our social features is subject to our Social Terms ( https : //www.netflix.com/socialterms ) ; please review them for details . Back to top The Netflix service may be provided through platforms or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ from ours . For example , you may be able to access the Netflix service through platforms such as PlayStation systems , Microsoft Xbox , Nintendo Wii , Roku Streaming Player , iPad or iPhone and a number of other Internet connected devices . While we endeavor to associate with reputable companies , Netflix can not be responsible for the information handling practices of these other websites and platforms . These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy statements , notices and terms of use , which we recommend you read carefully . In addition , you may encounter third party applications that interact with the Netflix service . To learn more about these , see our Terms of Use ( www.netflix.com/termsofuse ) . Back to top You must be 18 years of age or older to subscribe to the Netflix service . In certain jurisdictions , the age of majority may be older than 18 , in which case , you must satisfy that age in order to become a member . While individuals under the age of 18 may utilize the service , they may do so only with the involvement , supervision , and approval of a parent or legal guardian , and subject to our Terms of Use ( www.netflix.com/termsofuse ) . Back to top We give you access and the ability to update a broad range of information about your account , including your contact information and your communication preferences in the " Your Account " portion of our website . You must be signed in to access " Your Account. "  If you have a question regarding our privacy practices , or want to exercise your rights regarding your personal information , please contact us at privacy @ netflix.com . Back to top Visit About Cookies and Internet Advertising ( https : //www.netflix.com/cookies ) for information about our use of cookies , other technologies , and Internet advertising . Back to top Netflix takes information security seriously and uses reasonable administrative , technical , physical and managerial measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access . For example , we utilize Secure Sockets Layering , an industry-standard protocol for certain of your transmissions to us , in order to encrypt certain personal information that you send to us through the registration and sign up process . Unfortunately , no security system can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . Accordingly , we can not guarantee the security of your information and can not assume liability for improper access to it . By using our service , including our website and user interfaces , or providing information to us through any means , you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security , privacy , and administrative issues relating to your use of the Netflix service . In order to provide you with ease of access to your account and to help administer the Netflix service , Netflix implements technology that enables us to recognize you as the account holder and provide you with direct access to your account without requiring you to retype any password or other user identification when you revisit the Netflix service . You can choose not to take advantage of this feature on your computer by unchecking the box " Remember me on this computer " when you login on the website . To remove access to your Netflix account from your devices : ( a ) visit " Your Account " ( https : //www.netflix.com/YourAccount ) ( note , deactivation may not occur immediately ) or ( b ) delete your Netflix settings from your device ( steps vary by device and the option is not available on all devices ) . You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account access information and for restricting access to your computer or device through which you access your Netflix account . Where possible , users of public or shared devices should log out at the completion of each visit . If you sell or return a computer or Netflix ready device , you should log-out and deactivate the device before doing so . If you do not maintain the security of your password or device , or fail to log out or deactivate your device , subsequent users may be able to access your account , including your personal information . Back to top Netflix may , from time to time , make changes to this Privacy Policy , the Social Terms or About Cookies and Internet Advertising . Such revisions shall be effective immediately ; provided however , for existing members , such revisions shall , unless otherwise stated , be effective 30 days after posting . We will endeavor to post prior versions ( including marked changes ) of the Privacy Policy , if any , for the preceding 12-month period . You can see these prior versions of the Privacy Policy by visiting our website ( www.netflix.com/privacypolicychanges ) . Back to top Given that the Internet is a global environment , using the Internet to collect and process information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis . Therefore , by using Netflix , you acknowledge and agree to the transfer of your information outside your country of residence to any country ( including the United States ) where we have facilities or engage third parties ( including but not limited to payment processors , cloud service or other IT providers , and other companies that provide services to us ) . You understand that the countries to which we may transfer information may not have as comprehensive a level of data protection as in your country . Back to top If you reside in a member state of the European Economic Area , your personal data is controlled by Netflix Luxembourg S. r.l , who is providing the service to you ( address below ) . Individuals who reside in Brazil are being provided the service by Netflix Entretenimento Brasil , Ltda . Av . Bernardino de Campos , 98 - 4 andar - sala 36 , Paraiso , Cep 04004-040 SP Brasil . Otherwise , Netflix , Inc. ( address below ) is providing the service to you and is the data controller ( where applicable ) . If you have questions concerning your account , please contact Customer Service . If you have questions concerning this Privacy Policy , including the treatment of your personal information and/or our use of cookies and other technologies , please contact us via email at privacy @ netflix.com , or at the following :  For US , Canadian , Latin American and other non-European customers :  Netflix , Inc. , 100 Winchester Circle , Los Gatos , CA 95032 , U.S.A. Attention : General Counsel . For European customers :  Netflix Luxembourg S. r.l. , 26 , Boulevard Royal , # 205 L2449 Luxembourg , Attn : Manager . Back to top Last updated : September 11 , 2013 
Walmart Privacy Policy Share on twitterShare on linkedinShare on pinterestShare on googleplusShare on emailShare on facebook Walmart Privacy Policy - Highlights This Policy applies to customer information we collect in the United States and Puerto Rico at Walmart retail stores ( " stores " ) and through our websites ( for purposes of this Policy , " websites " includes our mobile applications ) . Walmart has a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for its personal information practices relating to our Health and Wellness operations ( Pharmacy and Vision Center ) in our retail stores . This Notice is available at each Pharmacy and Vision Center . Information We Collect : We collect your information from the following sources :  Information you give us , such as during transactions , customer service operations , surveys , and website registrations , Information from other sources , such as companies that help us to update our records , and Information automatically collected when you visit or use our websites , such as via cookies and device information , and in stores , such as via video cameras . Walmart does not sell or rent your personal information . Walmart uses your information to provide products and services and to support core business functions . These uses include order or service fulfillment , internal business processes , marketing , authentication , loss and fraud prevention , public safety and legal functions . We may combine all the information we collect . We may disclose your information within our corporate family of companies . We may disclose your personal information to third parties under the following limited circumstances : with service providers or suppliers that help with our business operations or joint products . with your consent . when necessary to protect the safety , property , or other rights of Walmart , customers , or associates , or when otherwise required by law . Read more about How We Use and/or Share Your Information > Your Choices : We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us . Examples include email newsletters , special offers , and new product announcements . We use the following standards for marketing communications : We will not contact you via phone or text message without your express consent ( opt-in ) . We will not disclose your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes without your express consent ( opt-in ) . We use an opt-out standard for all other communications . This means we will conduct the activity unless you tell us not to . We participate in interest-based advertising . This means that you may see advertising on our website tailored to how you browse or shop , or you may see advertising for Walmart on other websites based on your browsing behavior across websites . Learn more about such advertising , including how to opt out . You can provide us your marketing preferences by visiting the Privacy Preference Center . The Preference Center allows you to update or change your preferences for marketing materials at any time . You can also contact us via the Contact Us section below . Mobile Application Privacy : In addition to the information above , the following applies to our mobile applications : Our mobile applications collect certain information automatically , such as the type of mobile device you use , the temporary or persistent unique device identifiers ( sometimes called UDID ) , and information about the way you use the applications . The mobile applications also collect certain information you voluntarily provide , such as product information when you scan a bar code , and transactional information , such as when you make a purchase or respond to an offer . Our mobile applications collect precise information about the location of your device , such as when you search for a store . You must first provide permission through your device before the application obtains such location information from technologies like GPS , Wi-Fi , or cell tower proximity ( or a combination of these technologies ) . The Mobile Application section below addresses your choices with respect to our applications ' collection and use of your precise location information . Service providers may collect device-specific information , such as a unique device identifier , when you use our website or one of our mobile applications . This information will not be associated in any way with your account at Walmart or any personal information that identifies who you are . Contact us through our web form -- for privacy or Walmart Privacy Policy feedback/questions , for store experience , marketing preferences , product questions and general feedback/questions . We recognize the importance of privacy and believe it is a matter of trust . Read our entire privacy policy . We are committed to providing you a fair and timely response to any privacy concern or questions you bring to us . See Walmart 's Notices and Privacy & Online Safety Tips for general tips and resources . Privacy Policy - Full Policy Walmart recognizes the importance of our customers ' privacy . We believe that privacy is more than an issue of compliance it is one of trust . We strive to manage your personal information based on our basic belief of respect for the individual . This Policy describes :  How and why we collect your personal information . How your information is used and protected . When and with whom we share your information . The choices you can make about how we collect , use , and share your information . Our goal is to provide clear , prominent , and easily accessible information about our privacy practices . This Policy applies to customer information we collect in the United States and Puerto Rico at Walmart retail stores ( " stores " ) and through our websites ( for purposes of this Policy , " websites " includes our mobile applications ) . Walmart has a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for its personal information practices relating to our Health and Wellness operations ( Pharmacy and Vision Center ) in our retail stores . This notice is available at each Pharmacy and Vision Center . Walmart expects our associates and business partners to manage your personal information properly and maintain your trust . We have designated associates who are accountable for compliance with this Privacy Policy . We collect personal information about you to deliver the products and services you request and to help improve your shopping experience . We strive to limit the amount of personal information collected to support the intended purpose of the collection . Information You Give Us We collect personal information from you in a variety of ways when you interact with Walmart , both in stores and through our websites . Some examples are when you :  Create an account on one of our websites ; Make an online or in-store purchase from us ; Use a gift registry or create a mobile shopping list ; Conduct a transaction where we collect information , including when required by law ( such as hunting and fishing licenses ) ; Request customer service or contact us ; Submit a Walmart related story , testimonial , rating or review , or other user-generated content that may be posted on the site ; Participate in a contest , sweepstake , promotion , or survey ; or Otherwise submit personal information to us along with any related content of the communication . Personal information is information that identifies you or is reasonably linked to you . The personal information we collect may include contact and payment information like your name , email and physical addresses , phone numbers , and credit and debit card information . When you ask us to ship an order , we may collect information you provide us such as the name , address , and phone number of recipients . For certain transactions , we may be required to collect information to comply with legal requirements . Information from Other Sources We may receive personal information about you from other sources as well . Examples of these sources are entities that can help us correct or supplement our records , improve the quality or personalization of our service to you , and help prevent or detect fraud . In addition , we may collect information from consumer reporting agencies or other service providers if you obtain certain financial products . Automated Information Collection We receive and store certain types of information when you interact with our websites , emails , and online advertising . Our purpose is to allow the websites to work correctly , to evaluate use of the website , and to support website analytics and marketing campaigns . Some examples include :  We may collect technical information such as your internet protocol address , your device operating system and browser type , the address of a referring website , if any , and the path you take through our websites . We use " cookies " to recognize you as you use or return to our sites . This is done so that we can provide a continuous and more personalized shopping experience for you . A cookie is a small text file that a website or email may save to your browser and store on your hard drive . We may also use web beacons . Beacons allow us to know if a certain page was visited , an email was opened , or if ad banners on our website and other sites were effective . We operate cameras in stores for security and operational purposes , such as to measure traffic patterns . Except for security purposes , we do not use these cameras to identify you personally . Walmart uses your information to offer and provide our products and services and to support our core business functions . These include order or service fulfillment , internal business processes , marketing , authentication , loss and fraud prevention , public safety and legal functions . Some examples include :  To fulfill your requests for products and services and communicate with you about those requests ; To register and service your account ; To administer surveys , sweepstakes , contests , and promotions ; To provide customer service and alert you to product information , including recalls ; To help us improve and customize our service offerings , websites , and advertising ; To send you information about our products , services , and promotions ; and To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business . To accomplish these purposes , we may combine personal and non-personal information we collect with offline information , including information from third parties . We may transfer or disclose your information within our corporate family of companies for these purposes . How We Disclose Your Information Outside Walmart Walmart does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties . We only disclose your personal information with your prior consent or under the following limited circumstances . Service Providers We may disclose or otherwise make available personal information about you to service providers that help with our business operations . Examples are shipping vendors , billing and refund vendors , payment card processors , and companies that help us improve our product and service offerings and our websites . Your personal information may be stored and processed by our service providers in the United States or other locations where the service providers or Walmart maintain facilities . We require our service providers to keep your information secure . In addition , our service providers may not use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf . Legal Requirements and Protection of Our Company and Others We may disclose your information in other special circumstances . These include situations when the sharing is necessary to protect the safety , property , or other rights of Walmart , our customers , our associates , or any other person , or where otherwise required by law . Examples include protecting the health or safety of customers , or addressing crimes committed on Walmart property . Data from in-store security cameras may also be provided to law enforcement upon written request . Walmart may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order , or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law , or as otherwise required by applicable law . Marketing Purposes From time to time with your consent , we may disclose information with carefully selected companies who may offer you products and services of interest . You may opt in to this sharing under the " Your Choices " section below . Business Transfers We may transfer any information we have about you in connection with a merger or sale ( including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings ) involving all or part of Walmart or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control . Data Collection , Use , or Disclosure Walmart collects , uses , or discloses your personal information consistent with this policy . The method of obtaining consent is appropriate for the type of personal information being collected , used , or disclosed . For example , we will obtain your express consent ( verbal , written , or electronic agreement ) to collect , use , or disclose personal health information in accordance with law . In other situations , we consider consent to be implied , such as to use your email for marketing purposes , unless you opt out of these communications such as by unsubscribing . Marketing Preferences We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us . Examples are newsletters , special offers , and new product announcements . We use the following standards for marketing communications :  We use an opt-in standard for phone and text messages . We also use an opt-in standard for sharing personal information with third parties for marketing purposes . Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your express consent . We use an opt-out standard for email or for other communications like mail . Opt-out means we consider your consent is implied , but will stop the activity on your request . You can provide us with your marketing preferences by visiting the Privacy Preference Center . The Preference Center allows you to update or change your preferences about receiving marketing materials at any time . Or you may contact the Privacy Office as described in the Contact Us section below . If you contact us by email or mail , please be sure to include your full name , the types of communications you would like to receive or not receive , and your related contact information . For instance , if you would like to opt-out of mail , include your mailing address . Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed . It may take up to 10 days to process your requests related to email and 4-6 weeks for other requests . Please be aware that , even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us , we may still contact you for transactional purposes . Some examples are contacts for customer service , product information , service or reminder notices , or recalls . We may also need to contact you with questions or information regarding your order , such as regarding order status , shipment , or refunds . Credit Offerings The above marketing preferences do not apply to our credit card offerings since these are provided through our financial institution partner ( s ) . However , you can choose to stop receiving prescreened offers of credit from all companies , including our prescreened offers , by calling 1-888-567-8688 or by going to www.optoutprescreen.com . Online Operations and Advertising You may exercise choices related to our online operations and advertising . For instance , you can choose to browse our websites without accepting cookies Please know that cookies allow us to recognize you from page to page , and they support your transactions with us . Without cookies enabled , you will still be able to browse our websites , but will not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain website features . To learn more about cookies , including how to refuse cookies on your device , follow these links :  Microsoft Internet Explorer Mozilla Firefox All About Cookies Adobe Flash Cookies Safari You may also opt-out of certain online advertising called interest-based advertising . Interest-based ads are ads that are served to you based on your browsing behavior . The goal is to show you ads more tailored to your interests . We may use how you browse and shop in order to show you advertisements on our website that are more relevant to your interests . As an example , if you browse for electronics with us or other sites , we may show you ads for electronics as you browse our website . Advertisements may relate to Walmart or our advertising partners . We do not disclose personal data about you with advertising partners to place an ad for them . We only retain data related to the ads for legitimate business purposes . In addition , we belong to ad networks that may use your browsing history across participating websites to show you interest-based advertisements on those websites . You may see ads for Walmart on participating websites based on how you browse our website and those sites . We do not allow the network provider to provide your browsing behavior on our website to other websites . Learn more about interest-based advertising , including how to opt out . You may opt-out of either interest-based advertising on our website , or interest-based advertising on other sites , as described above . Other websites you visit may offer their own opt-out methods as well . If you do opt-out of interest-based advertisements , you may still see advertisements on websites you visit , just not ads based on your browsing behavior . Walmart takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete . You can access or update your personal information , including contact or account information , in the following ways :  If you have created an account on one of our websites , log into your account . Once you do , you will be able to enter and update your own contact information and payment information , as well as contact information for recipients you have designated . Contact us at the email or postal address listed in the " Contact Us " section at the bottom of this Policy . Please include your current contact information , the information you are interested in accessing , and your requested changes . We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available , unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals and subject to reasonable limitations provided by law and internal procedures . Otherwise we will describe the types of information we typically collect . We will provide access and make changes you request , or will provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to take with regard to the request . If you need help accessing your information related to a service provided by a third party , we will assist you by referring you to the third party . Please contact us via the " Contact Us " section below . If you need assistance accessing records related to your Vision Center , Pharmacy , or financial services information , please visit the section below related to " Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information. "  Securing your information is a company priority . Whether you are shopping on our websites or in our stores , we use reasonable security measures to help protect the confidentiality of personal information . Online Protections Your account information is protected by the password you use to access your online account . Please keep this password confidential . We also use a technology called Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) . If your browser is capable of SSL ( and most are ) , your account information will be protected during transport across the Internet . You can see a representation of this when you enter a secure portion of our online website ( not including our mobile applications ) , which is any page containing any of your account information , where an image of a closed lock or a solid key should appear in the bottom bar of your browser window . If you click on this image , a small pop-up window displaying website security information will appear . This display indicates that your personal information is transmitted in encrypted form to a Walmart web server , not to some unknown or unauthorized server . Hard Copy and Electronic Storage Protections Personal information that is maintained in our offices or stores is subject to physical , administrative , and technical controls as well . Hard copies of sensitive personal information are maintained in locked locations or cabinets with similar restrictions for electronic storage . When disposed of , the information is shredded , destroyed , erased , or otherwise sought to be made unreadable . Pharmacy and Vision Center When you use our Pharmacies or Vision Centers , you may provide us with your health information so that we may process your request . We understand the sensitive nature of such information and respect your privacy by keeping it confidential in accordance with laws and our policies . Our Notice of Privacy Practices for personal health information describes how we protect the information and how you may access it . The notice is provided to you by the Pharmacy or Vision Center at the first time of service or can be requested at any time at your local Walmart . Financial Products and Services When you obtain financial products and services from us , we may collect and use certain financial-related information . We understand the sensitive nature of this information as well , and protect it in accordance with laws and our policies . Financial products and services include money orders , money transfers , credit card offerings , bill payment , and check cashing . Find out more about Financial Services Privacy . We protect payment card information we collect during transactions . We comply with industry standards that require safeguards for handling and securing customer information . These include using secure networks ; encryption or other protection of cardholder data ; physical and technical access controls ; monitors and tests of security systems ; and information security policies . We are committed to protecting children 's online privacy . Our websites are for a general audience and are not geared towards children . In order to protect the privacy of children , Walmart websites and mobile applications do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent . Please contact us via the " Contact Us " section of this Policy if you believe we may have collected information from your child and we will work to delete it . Walmart 's mobile applications may include functionality to allow you to create a shopping list , search or add products to a favorites list using voice input or text , or by scanning bar codes , check price or product availability and print coupons , browse , search and buy Walmart.com products , locate the nearest Walmart store , track orders , find aisle locations for items on your shopping lists , order prescription refills , and view , share and print your online photos . In addition to the information mentioned above , our mobile applications collect certain information automatically , such as the type of mobile device you use , the temporary or persistent unique device identifiers ( sometimes called UDID ) placed by us or our service providers , the unique identifier assigned by Walmart to your device , the IP address of your mobile device , your mobile operating system , the type of mobile Internet browsers you use , and information about the way you use our mobile applications . Additionally , our mobile applications collect precise information about the location of your device . You must first provide permission through your device before our mobile applications obtain such location information from technologies like GPS , Wi-Fi , or cell tower proximity ( or a combination of these technologies ) . Walmart , and our service providers , may use and store this information , in combination with other location-based information such as IP address and billing or postal code provided by you at time of your mobile application registration , to provide enhanced location based services , such as store specific services , search results , and other content . To opt-out of the collection of location data , see below . We may disclose or otherwise make available personal information about you to service providers that help with the operation of our mobile applications . These providers may collect device-specific information , such as a unique device identifier , when you use our website or one of our mobile applications . This information will not be associated in any way with your account at Walmart or any personal information that identifies who you are . The device identifier is used to improve services within our mobile applications such as barcode scanners or speech recognition . We require our service providers to keep your information secure . In addition , our service providers may not use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf . We may also work with analytics companies to help us understand how our mobile applications are being used , such as the frequency and duration of usage . To protect the anonymity of this information , we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties ca n't identify you personally based on information they collect from our mobile applications or your use of them . These analytics providers may also have access to your device-specific information such as a unique device identifier . This information will not be associated in any way with your account at Walmart or any personal information that identifies who you are , and we require these service providers to keep your information secure . There are multiple options for users of our mobile applications to opt-out of the collection and of your precise location information :  Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling our mobile applications You can stop all collection of information by our mobile applications easily by uninstalling the mobile applications . You may use the standard uninstall processes available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network . Note : If you uninstall the mobile application from your device , the Walmart unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored . If you re-install the application on the same device , Walmart will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions . You may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device . As a global company , Walmart has separate privacy policies for its international offices . Personal information about our customers may be processed and stored in the United States or any other country in which Walmart or our service providers maintain facilities . Globally , Walmart requires our family of companies to protect your personal information , regardless of where it is stored , in accordance with local laws and our policies . Please check our privacy Policy periodically for changes . We will also notify you of significant updates and will post the date it was last updated at the bottom of the privacy Policy . Email Customer Service- for store experience , marketing preferences and general feedback/questions . Contacting the Privacy Office Email Privacy Office - Please feel free to contact the privacy office with any questions or comments about this Policy or about how your information is handled . You can also contact us via the addresses below :  Mail : Walmart Corporate Privacy Office , MS # 0160 702 SW 8th Street Bentonville , AR 72716-0160 Your California Privacy Rights Our privacy Policy describes how we share information for marketing purposes . The Policy and rights apply to all customers , including California residents :  We share information with others outside of Walmart only if we have your express consent ( opt-in ) . See How We Share Your Information Outside Walmart . We also share information with other businesses within our corporate family , such as Sam 's Club . See How We Use Your Information . Please contact us with any questions , or to request a list of third parties to whom we may disclose information for marketing purposes and the categories of information we may disclose , via the Contact Us section above . Last Updated : Sept. 17 , 2013 
PRIVACY POLICY We take your privacy seriously , and we want you to know how we collect , use , share and protect your information . This Privacy Policy tells you :  What information we collect How we use that information How we may share that information How we protect your information Your choices regarding your personal information This Policy applies to BestBuy.com , Best Buy stores and other locations under the Best Buy name . This Policy may not apply to other Best Buy brands such as Future Shop ( FutureShop.ca ) , Best Buy Canada ( BestBuyCanada.ca ) , Magnolia Audio Video ( Magnoliaav.com ) , Geek Squad ( GeekSquad.com ) , Pacific Sales ( PacificSales.com ) , Audio Visions ( Avisions.com ) , Best Buy China ( BestBuy.com.cn ) , Jiangsu Five Star Appliance Co . ( Five-Star.cn ) among others , each of which may have their own privacy policies . We may post additional information if more details are needed to explain our privacy practices . Information You Give Us We receive and may store any information you enter on our websites or give to us in our stores . For example , we collect information from you when you place an order , create an account , call us with a question , create a Wish List , write a review , or use any of our services . The information we collect from you includes things like :  Your name Your mailing address Your e-mail address Your phone number Your credit card number and other payment information Your driver 's license number Credit application information , such as your Social Security number Demographic and lifestyle information , such as age , personal interests and product preferences It may also include information you give us about other people , such as the name and address of a gift recipient , or the name and contact info of a Friends & Family Pickup person . Information from Other Sources We may also receive information about you from other sources , including third parties that help us update , expand and analyze our records and identify new customers . Automated Information Collection We collect information related to your interactions with our websites and apps to create a superior , personalized shopping experience , whether you are online or in our stores . This information includes your IP address , browsing behavior while on our site , browser and device characteristics , and referring URLs . This information is collected and stored using a variety of common technologies , including various types of cookies , web beacons , and tags . Our websites and mobile applications are not designed to respond to " do not track " requests from browsers . These technologies may also allow us to identify you as a particular Best Buy retail store customer when you visit our websites , and to link your activities on our websites to your interactions with us in our stores . To help us understand and enhance our interactions with you , we may permit web analytics and other providers to collect and process information on our websites using the technologies described above . We also may share personal information with those providers . We may have similar arrangements with interest-based advertisers . Interest-based advertising is covered in more detail below . Location Information Some of our websites and mobile applications may collect certain information such as the type of mobile device you 're using or your specific location to help you search for one of our stores . To allow any application to identify your location , you must enable this functionality through your mobile device 's settings to allow the use of technologies such as Wi-Fi , GPS signals , cell tower position , or other technologies . Best Buy has no control over your device 's settings . Public Forums Our websites offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums . You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read , collected , and used by others who access them . We use the information we collect for things like : Fulfilling orders and requests for products , services or information Processing returns , exchanges and layaway requests Tracking and confirming online orders Delivering or installing products Managing our My Best Buy program Marketing and advertising products and services Conducting research and analysis Establishing and managing your accounts with us Communicating things like special events , sweepstakes , promotions and surveys Processing Best Buy credit card or My Best Buy MasterCard applications Identifying you on our websites and tailoring advertisements and offers to you ( both on our websites and on other websites ) based on your interactions with us in our stores and online Facilitating interactions with Best Buy and others , such as enabling you to e-mail a link to a friend Operating , evaluating and improving our business Data Retention We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services , comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . Best Buy does not sell , rent or trade your personal information to third parties . Best Buy Co. , Inc. is the parent company of the Best Buy Companies ( " Best Buy " ) , and as such , if you provide information to any of the businesses , stores or websites owned or operated by Best Buy , this information may be combined or shared among current or future Best Buy Co. , Inc. entities , including affiliates and subsidiaries . We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as :  Fulfilling orders Delivering packages Scheduling and performing installations Servicing products Maintaining our My Best Buy program Sending Best Buy marketing communications Fulfilling subscription services Conducting research and analysis Applying for credit cards and processing credit card payments Providing chat functions Sometimes we may be required to share personal information in response to a regulation , court order or subpoena . We may also share information when we believe it 's necessary to comply with the law . We may also share information to respond to a government request or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights , property or safety of Best Buy , our customers , or others ; to prevent harm or loss ; or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity . We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate sale , merger , acquisition , dissolution or similar event . We may share personal information in connection with financial products or services related to our business such as private label credit cards . We may also share personal information in connection with co-branded product or service offerings . For example , when you apply for a Best Buy credit card , we may share your personal information with our banking partners that issue the card . Whether you are shopping online or in our stores , we use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it . Best Buy can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk . We use a variety of information security measures to protect your online transactions with us . The Best Buy websites use encryption technology , such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) , to protect your personal information during data transport . SSL protects information you submit via our websites such as ordering information , including your name , address and credit card number . Information you provide to us via our in-store kiosk does not traverse the public Internet . You may choose to : Stop receiving marketing or promotional e-mails , direct mail , phone and mobile marketing communications Update and correct your personal information Cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services Request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum To do any of these , let us know by one of these methods : Follow the directions in a marketing e-mail or direct mail or mobile communication that you receive from us Call 1-888-BEST BUY ( 1-888-237-8289 ) with your request and current contact information Send an e-mail with your request and current contact information to : PrivacyManager @ bestbuy.com Send a letter with your request and current contact information to : Best Buy Corporate Campus Attn : Customer Care/Privacy 7601 Penn Avenue South Richfield , MN 55423-3645 We use third-party advertising companies to display ads when you visit our websites or other sites on the Internet . These companies may collect personal and other information about your visits to this and other websites . We may also share personal information with these companies . In either case , the purpose is to provide ads about products and services that may be of interest to you . To learn more about interest-based advertising ( also called behavioral advertising ) , visit www.aboutads.info . To opt-out of interest-based advertising , use Evidon 's Global Opt-Out tool at www.evidon.com ..  There is also a Profile Manager tool which allows you to manage your interest-based preferences used by ad networks , data aggregators and others . We are committed to protecting children 's privacy on the Internet and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 . Our websites link to other websites , many of which have their own privacy policies . Be sure to review the privacy policy on the site you 're visiting . Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button [ and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site ] . These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly . Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site . Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it . We may need to update our Privacy Policy as Best Buy and our customers grow and evolve . If we make material changes , including any change in ownership or uses of your personal information , we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective , as well as inform you of any choices you may have with respect to these changes . Best Buy Co. , Inc. complies with the U.S.- E.U . Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal data from the European Union member countries . Best Buy Co. , Inc. has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Best Buy Co. , Inc. 's certification , please visit : http : //export.gov/safeharbor . If you have any complaints regarding our compliance with the Safe Harbor you should first contact us ( as provided below ) . If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by Internet here , fax to 415-520-3420 , or mail to TRUSTe Safe Harbor Compliance Dept. , click for mailing address . If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : the name of company , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information , and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company . For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe 's dispute resolution process , click here or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above . Best Buy Co. , Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software . The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this website , www.BestBuy.com and does not cover information that may be collected behind the log in on our website . If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us at PrivacyManager @ bestbuy.com . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or practices , we 'll do our best to answer them . Here 's how to contact us :  Phone : 1-888-BEST BUY ( 1-888-237-8289 )  E-mail : PrivacyManager @ bestbuy.com Address : Best Buy Corporate Campus Attn : Customer Care/Privacy 7601 Penn Avenue South Richfield , MN 55423-3645 Last Updated 1/01/2014 
Target Privacy Policy Spanish Translation ( Traduccin en espaol ) At Target , we want you to know how we collect , use , share and protect information about you . By interacting with Target , you consent to use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy . We may change or add to this privacy policy , so we encourage you to review it periodically . To help you track the changes , we include a history of changes below . We collect the following information : Your name Your mailing address Your e-mail address Read more ...  We use guest information for multiple purposes : Product and Service Fulfillment Our Marketing Purposes Internal Operations Fraud Prevention Legal Compliance Read more ...  We may share information : With Target With our service providers ( for example , a printer or mobile marketing provider ) If required to comply with legal requirements At your direction or request With other companies ( for their marketing purposes ) Read more ...  We provide you with choices about receiving marketing from Target , sharing of personal information with other companies for their marketing purposes , and receiving cookies . Read more ...  You can access and update some of your personal information by contacting us . If you have a Target.com account , you can log in to your account to review and update information in your account . Read more ...  We maintain administrative , technical , and physical safeguards to protect your personal information . Read more ...  Types of personal information we collect include : Your name Your mailing address Your e-mail address Your phone ( or mobile ) number Your drivers ' license number Your credit/debit card number Your purchase/return/exchange information Your registry event information Your date of birth or age If you choose not to provide personal information we may not be able to provide you with requested products , services or information . Automated Information Collection We may connect information collected automatically with information we already have about you in order to identify you as a Target guest . If we are able to identify you as a Target guest we may , for example , link your activity on our website to your activity in a Target store . This allows us to provide you with a personalized experience regardless of how you interact with us online , in store , mobile , etc . Automated Information Collection We and our service providers use cookies , web beacons , and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us through your computer or mobile device . This information , which includes the pages you visit on our site , which web address you came from , the type of browser/device/hardware you are using , purchase information and checkout process , search terms and IP-based geographic location , helps us recognize you , customize your website experience and make our marketing messages more relevant . This includes Target content presented on another website or mobile application , for example , Target Weekly Ad . These technologies also enable us to provide features such as storage of items in your cart between visits and Short Message Service ( SMS ) /text messages you have chosen to receive . We also use Flash cookies for fraud prevention purposes . In order to provide the best guest experience possible , we also use these technologies for reporting and analysis purposes , such as how you are shopping our website , performance of our marketing efforts , and your response to those marketing efforts . Third-Party Automated Collection Target participates in online behavioral advertising ( OBA ) , also known as interest-based advertising . We use third-party advertising companies to display ads tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop online . Target adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) self-regulatory principles for OBA . We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our website and to use that information to serve ads for Target products or services or for the products or services of other companies when you visit this website or other websites . These companies use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over , hardware/software information , cookie and session ID ) and personally identifiable information ( e.g. IP address ) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you . These parties typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this information . At this time , we do not respond to browser do not track signals , but we do provide you the option to opt out of behavioral advertising . To learn more about OBA or to opt-out of this type of advertising , visit the Network Advertising Initiative website or Digital Advertising Alliance website . User Experience Information In order to improve guest online shopping experience , help with fraud identification , and to assist our guest relations representatives in resolving issues guests may experience in completing online purchases , we use tools to monitor certain user experience information ; including login information , IP address , data regarding pages visited and ads clicked specific actions taken on pages visited ( e.g. information entered during checkout process ) , and browser information . Social Media Widgets Target.com includes social media features , such as the Facebook Like button , Google Plus , Pinterest , and Twitter widgets . These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you 're visiting on our site , and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly . Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site . Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them . Information from Other Sources We collect data that 's publicly available . For example , information you submit in a public forum ( e.g. a blog , chat room , or social network ) can be read , collected , or used by us and others , and could be used to personalize your experience . You are responsible for the information you choose to submit in these instances . We also obtain information provided by a third party . For instance , we obtain information from companies that can enhance our existing guest information to improve the accuracy and add to the information we have about our guests ( for example , adding address information ) . This improves our ability to contact you and increases the relevance of our marketing by providing better product recommendations or special offers that may interest you . In-Store Cameras We use in-store cameras for security purposes and for operational purposes such as measuring traffic patterns and tracking in-stock levels . Examples of how we use the information we collect include : Product and Service Fulfillment Fulfill and manage purchases , orders , payments , returns/exchanges , or requests for information about our products and services in our stores , website , or mobile website , or to otherwise serve you Connect with Target regarding guest service via our contact center , guest service desk , or on social media platforms Provide services such as Gift Registry or a shopping list Administer sweepstakes and contests Conduct a transaction where we collect information required by law ( for example , pseudoephedrine or age-restricted purchases ) Our Marketing Purposes Deliver coupons , mobile coupons , newsletters , in-store receipt messages , e-mails , mobile messages , and social media notifications Provide interactive features of the website or mobile applications , such as product reviews or Weekly AdSend marketing communications and other information regarding products , services and promotions Administer promotions , surveys , and focus groups Internal Operations Improve the effectiveness of our website , stores , mobile experience , and marketing efforts Conduct research and analysis , including focus groups and surveys Perform other business activities as needed , or as described elsewhere in this policy Fraud Prevention To prevent fraudulent transactions , monitor against theft and otherwise protect our guests and our business ( e.g. product recalls ) Legal Compliance For example , assist law enforcement and respond to legal/regulatory inquiries Target We share the information we collect within Target Corporation , which includes all Target subsidiaries and affiliates . Target Corporation may use this information to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you . Target Corporation owns and operates Target Stores and Target web sites , and issues the Target Debit Card . Target Corporation subsidiaries and affiliates include , but are not limited to : Target Bank , Target Canada , Target Commercial Interiors , TCC Cooking Co. ( Cooking.com and Chef 's Catalog ) . Card Issuing Bank We may share the information we collect with our banking partner , TD Bank USA N.A. , which issues the Target Visa Card and Target Credit Card . Service Providers We may share the information we collect with companies that provide support services to us ( such as a printer , e-mail , mobile marketing , analytics providers , web hosting providers , call center service providers , sweepstakes vendors , payment processors , coupon delivery vendors , data enhancement , or fraud prevention providers ) or that help us market our products and services . These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions . These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose . Legal Requirements We may disclose information we collect when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law ; to enforce or apply applicable terms and conditions and other agreements ; or to protect the rights , property or safety of our company , our guests or others . Elsewhere at Your Direction At your direction or request , we may share your information . For example , if you create a gift registry or shopping list and elect to make it available to the public , your information will be accessible on our website , mobile or social applications , and on kiosks in our stores . Sharing with Other Companies ( for their marketing purposes )  We may share your personal information with other companies , or organizations which are not part of Target . These companies and organizations may use the information we share to provide special offers and opportunities to you . To opt out of our sharing of your personal information with such companies and organizations go to the Choice section of this privacy policy . Sharing Aggregate Information with Third Parties We may share aggregate information ( information that does not directly identify an individual ) with third parties for lawful purposes . Business Transfers If some or all of our business assets are sold or transferred , we may transfer the corresponding information regarding our guests . We also may retain a copy of that guest information . Postal Mail If you do not wish to receive catalogs , coupons , and other promotional mail , contact us or call 800-440-0680 to opt out . Telephone If you do not wish to receive promotional telephone calls , contact us or call 800-440-0680 to opt out . This opt out does not apply to operational phone calls , for example , confirmation of delivery address and prescription refills . E-mail If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us , contact us or call 800-440-0680 to opt out . You may still receive select e-mails from us if you have requested them through one of our services such as Weekly Ad Reminders , Gift Reminders , or E-mail me when Available notifications . You can discontinue these e-mails by canceling your subscription to these services . You also have the ability to unsubscribe to promotional e-mails via the opt out link included in each promotional e-mail . Target Ticket if you do not wish to receive Target Ticket promotional e-mails , you have the ability to unsubscribe via the opt out link included in each Target Ticket promotional e-mail . This opt out only applies to Target Ticket promotional e-mails . Sharing with Other Companies ( for their marketing purposes )  If you do not wish us to share the personal information we have collected with other unaffiliated companies ( for their marketing purposes ) , contact us or call 800-440-0680 to opt out . Mobile We distribute mobile coupons and text messages to mobile devices of guests who have requested this information via an opt in request . To opt out of a specific mobile messaging campaign , reply " stop " to text messages sent from 827438 ( TARGET ) . To opt out of Target mobile marketing , text " stop all " to 827438 ( TARGET ) . Target Cookies The help function of your browser should contain instructions to set your computer to accept all cookies , to notify you when a cookie is issued , or to not receive cookies at any time . If you set your computer to not receive cookies at any time , certain personalized services can not be provided to you , and accordingly , you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the Target.com features ( i.e. you will be able to browse the site , but will not be able to make a purchase ) . Third Party Cookies To opt out of third-party cookies , visit the Network Advertising Initiative website and the Digital Advertising Alliance website Other web site analytics services for example , Site Catalyst by Adobe Analytics provides services that analyze information regarding visits to Target.com They use cookies and web beacons to collect this information . To learn about Adobe Analytics privacy practices or to opt out of cookies set to facilitate reporting , click here . California Residents If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us , you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties , for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes , during the preceding calendar year . To request a notice , please submit your request to Target Corporation , Attn : California Shine the Light Inquiry , P.O . Box 9350 Minneapolis , MN 55440 . Please allow 30 days for a response . In order to keep your personal information accurate and complete , you can access or update some of it in the following ways : If you have created a Target.com account , you can log in and update your account information , including contact , billing , and shipping information . Contact us with your current contact information and the personal information you would like to access . We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available , or will describe the types of personal information we typically collect . Security Methods We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards to protect your personal information . When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a credit or debit card number , we use industry standard methods to protect that information . However , no e-commerce solution , website , database or system is completely secure or hacker proof . You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse . E-mail Security " Phishing " is a scam designed to steal your personal information . If you receive an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information , do not respond . We will never request your password , user name , credit card information or other personal information through e-mail . Children 's Personal Information We recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved . We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13 . If a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information online , we ask that a parent or guardian contact us or call 800-440-0680 . Mail : Target Stores , Target Executive Offices PO Box 9350 Minneapolis MN 55440 Phone : 800-440-0680 E-mail : guest.relations @ target.com Target Privacy Policy Scope This privacy policy applies to all current or former guest personal information , except for information collected by or provided in connection with : A Target Debit Card . See the Target Debit Card Privacy Policy . Use of a Target Pharmacy or the Rx Rewards program . See the Target Pharmacy Notice of Privacy Policy . Use of a Target Clinic . See the Target Clinic Notice of Privacy Policy . Interactions with Target Commercial Interiors . See the Target Commercial Interiors Privacy Policy . Use of Target 's Wireless Service . See the Target Wireless Service Privacy Notice . Use of a Target Mobile Application . See the Target Mobile Application Privacy Policy . Using a Target Visa Card or a Target Credit Card . See the Target Credit Card Privacy Policy . Note , contact information you provide on a Target Credit Card application is provided to both TD Bank USA N.A. and to Target and its affiliates . Completing an application for employment with Target . Our website may offer links to other sites . If you visit one of these sites , you may want to review the privacy policy on that site . In addition , you may have visited our website through a link or a banner advertisement on another site . In such cases , the site you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link . You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information . Target Privacy Policy Revisions This history changes begins as of July 2004 and includes the date of the update and a description of changes . Last update : 12/30/2013 Dec 2013 Added information about Online Behavioral Advertising and fraud prevention Dec 2013 Updated the choices available for Target Ticket promotional emails Oct 2013 Added information to the Automated Information Collection section Aug 2013 Added Target ticket and web site analytic services opt out information , social media widget information , and a disclosure about sharing aggregate information with third parties . Updated the security methods description , the description of Target affiliates , Information from Other Sources , and the California resident opt out . Mar 2013Clarified when " information " referenced within the policy means " personal information " . Updated description of Target and its affiliates . Updated Target Cookies and Third Party Cookies sections . Added disclosure regarding sharing of personal information with our bank partner , TD Bank USA N.A. Added information about Target Mobile Applications . Aug 2012Updated Third-Party cookies section and added information about collection of User Experience Information . May 2012Added information about Target 's Wireless ( Wi-Fi ) Service in Stores , including link to Wireless Service Privacy Notice . Apr 2011Added offline , mobile , and social collection , use , and sharing of information , expanded guest choice options . Aug 2009Added additional details about Cookies and Targeted Advertising . Removed information for pharmacy guests in New York and Texas . Feb 2008Added information for pharmacy guests in Texas . Jan 2008Added information about the Target Debit Card , added additional information to the " What are ' Cookies ' and how do we use them ? " paragraph , added information about " phishing " and revised the " Security " section . Sep 2005Added Target Commercial Interiors as a member of the Target . Oct 2004Added Target Bank as a member of the Target . Aug 2004Removed references to Mervyn 's Stores and Mervyns.com . Additional Site Navigation 
privacy policy We at IKEA North American Services LLC ( IKEA ) respect your concerns about privacy and value the trust you have placed in us . This Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we collect , how we may use that information , and with whom we may share it . Our Privacy Notice also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information . In addition , we describe the choices you can make about how we use the information you provide to us . We tell you how you can reach us to update your contact information , remove your name from our mailing list , or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices . We collect and use information about you to communicate with you about our products , services and promotions . We also collect information to improve the shopping experience of IKEA consumers . Here are the ways we obtain information about you and the types of information we obtain . We also tell you how we use the information . Catalog When you request a catalog from us , you provide us with contact information , such as your name , address , phone number and email address , so we may fulfill your request . Email When you subscribe to our email list , you provide us information such as your email address , name and ZIP code so we may communicate with you via email . We will send you email only if you have provided us with your email address and have asked us to communicate with you this way . To update your email communication preferences , or to unsubscribe , please click here . Purchases When you order or purchase an IKEA product , you may be required to give us contact and payment information ( such as credit card information ) so we may process your order . When you pay for an IKEA product using a credit card , we use your credit card information only to fulfil your order and for other internal purposes . Purchase verification policy Please note that IKEA may request to verify your purchases against your receipt . Please keep your receipt available to show an IKEA representative upon request . IKEA FAMILY If you sign up for IKEA FAMILY , you will be asked for your name , date of birth ( to confirm eligibility ) and information about how you wish to be contacted , such as email address , mobile phone number and home address . Customer Service If you contact one of our customer service representatives , we may ask you for information such as your name , address and email address so we can respond to your questions or comments . With your consent , we may retain this information to personalize your experience with us and better assist you the next time you contact us . Help Us to Improve ( HUTI ) In store we provide you with the option to leave a personal comment to the store manager . During this process you have the option to provide us with such information as your name , address , email address and telephone number so that we can respond to your questions or concerns . The information that is collected and retained by this unit is for IKEA 's use only . Customer Profiles On our website and in store we provide you with the option to create a customer profile . The profile allows you to save shopping lists that you create in your in store and online visits , as well as allowing you to save personal planners and designs on the IKEA server and quickly access them when you are in the store . The customer profile includes personal information such as your name and address , your telephone number and your email address . The customer profile allows us to facilitate your IKEA shopping experience and to expedite the delivery of purchased products . The IKEA customer profile is optional . Website We collect information on our website using transient cookies , sometimes called session cookies . A transient cookie is a small file that contains information about a user , and disappears when the user 's browser is closed . Unlike a persistent cookie , a transient cookie is not stored on the user 's hard drive ; it is stored only in temporary memory that is erased when the web browser is closed . We use transient cookies to determine , for example , how you use our website so we can improve the design of our site . Transient cookies are not linked to any personally identifiable information about you . Cookies can be disabled in your web browser . When you visit our web site , we also collect anonymous information from you . This includes the Internet browser you are using ; the computer operating system you are using , time spent visiting the web site , usage patterns within the web site , and the domain name of the web site from which you linked to our site . This information is not matched to your personal information and does not personally identify you . We collect this information to help improve your experience on the web site . Additionally , IKEA may share account or other information when we believe it is necessary to comply with the law or protect our interests and property . This may include sharing information with other companies , lawyers or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud or government subpoenas and warrants . Mobile IKEA offers our customers the ability to find out what 's new at their local IKEA store through their mobile device , either by browsing our mobile web site or through text messaging . Usage of the mobile web site follows similar standards employed by our standard web site ; cookies may be employed to remember preferences or previous activity but do not reveal personal information and can be disabled using your mobile device 's Internet options . For text messaging , users will only receive messages if they have specifically opted in for them ; standard text message rates will apply . To join IKEA Mobile , text the keyword " JOIN " to 62345 . To unsubscribe from IKEA Mobile , text the keyword " STOP " to 62345 . Kid 's Ballroom To take advantage of our supervised children 's play area and ballroom while you shop , we require you to fill out a registration card that asks for the child 's name and age , the parent 's or guardian 's name , address , telephone number and signature , and any health concerns relating to the child that we should know . We ask for this information to help ensure the safety and security of the child . Other information you provide to us Through surveys , you may provide us with information such as product preferences , reasons for purchasing a product , family and lifestyle information to help us learn more about your shopping preferences . You also may provide such information when you fill out a warranty card about a product you purchased from IKEA . In addition , you may give us such information if you register for or redeem IKEA special offers , discount coupons or other promotions . We also may ask you to provide us with information about products that interest you and other lifestyle information . We will use such information to learn about your needs and preferences and if you choose to receive further communications from IKEA , to provide you with information about our products services and promotions . Except as may be required in order to process a transaction , you may choose whether or not to give us your personal information , and if you do , how we use it . If we request your personal information , we will tell you why we are collecting it and seek your consent . Sometimes you will be asked to give your consent expressly ( such as by checking a box or clicking on a web page ) . Other times we may obtain your consent implicitly by asking you to provide information with stated purposes but without any express statement of consent ( such as when you order a product or request a catalogue ) . In other cases , your consent may be implied such as when you respond to a survey when it is understood that we will use the information to learn more about your needs and preferences , or your satisfaction as a customer so as to improve our products and services . In those cases your consent will be understood if you provide us with the requested information . You may notify us at any time that you do not wish us to use your information for any purposes that are not required to complete a transaction by contacting us in any of the ways described at the end of this Notice . You may at any time withdraw or change your consent to our use and disclosure of your information or request us to delete if from our files , subject to legal and contractual restrictions and requirements related to any transaction . We retain your information as long as it is required for the purposes identified when you provided the information for such specific purposes or for any new purposes identified by us and consented to by you , and for any appropriate time thereafter including a sufficient time following to permit you to ask any questions regarding its use . Your contact information which you provide through the customer profile process ( described above ) is retained until you request us to delete or change it . Information which is created as part of your shopping experience , such as shopping lists , price offers , personal planners and designs , is retained for varying periods up to two years . Certain information is retained for longer periods for our internal audit and quality control purposes . IKEA does not share personal information about its consumers with any third parties outside the IKEA corporate family for their own marketing purposes . However , we may do so within the IKEA corporate family . We do share this information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf , but these service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements . We also may disclose information about you as required by law . We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets . If the business is transferred , we will provide you with the opportunity to tell us that you would prefer that information about you not be transferred . Should such a transfer occur , we will use reasonable efforts to try to ensure that the transferee uses personal information about you in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice . The security of personal information is a high priority for us . We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure , use , alteration and destruction of the personal information in our possession . We are committed to providing appropriate security controls to protect personal information we have about you against foreseeable hazards . We may transfer your information outside of the United States for processing and storing . The privacy laws in other jurisdictions may differ from United States privacy laws and in some jurisdictions your information may be accessed by law enforcement authorities or the courts . If you would like to obtain more information about our policies and practices relating to our transfer and processing information outside of the United States , please contact us in any of the ways described below under How can I contact IKEA ? . IKEA services and promotions will change over time . This Privacy Notice will be updated periodically to reflect those changes and corresponding changes in our information practices . Whenever we revise this Privacy Notice , we will change the date on the notice to indicate when the revisions were made . We reserve the right to change our information practices and the terms of this Privacy Notice , and to apply the changed practices to all information we have about you . By using this web site , you agree to accept the terms of this Privacy Notice as stated at the time you use it . Any future access to this web site subsequent to the posting of a revised Privacy Notice will be deemed to be your acceptance of this Privacy Notice as then revised . We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time . The IKEA website may contain links to other websites that operate independently of IKEA and are not under our control . We provide links to other websites solely for your convenience and information . Other websites may have their own privacy notices , which we suggest you review if you visit any linked websites . IKEA is not responsible for information that is provided by , or collected through , those websites or for any other use of those websites . We recognize that having accurate and up-to-date information about you and your preferences is important to our ability to properly serve your interests . You can update your email contact information by clicking here , or by using one of the options provided below . We will send you email only if you have provided us with your email address and have asked us to communicate with you this way . IKEA also occassionally sends emails to customers who have opted in to receive emails from third parties . To unsubscribe from these communications , simply click on the unsubscribe link located within the email and you will be able to unsubscribe from the list owner . If you prefer not to receive product information or promotions from us by U.S. Mail , please click here . To unsubscribe from our email list , please follow the opt-out instructions at the bottom of the email you received , or click here and update your profile by deselecting " Please send me : Inspirational emails and updates. "  If you have any other questions about IKEA 's privacy practices or about your personal information , please contact us here or call 1-800-434-4532 , or write us at : IKEA North America Services , LLC Attention : Privacy Notice 420 Alan Wood Rd Conshohocken , PA 19428 We will respond to your inquiry or investigate your concern as quickly as possible . DATED : December 16 , 2013 
GROUPON , INC. PRIVACY STATEMENT Last Updated : September 13 , 2012 This Privacy Statement ( Privacy Statement ) explains how Groupon , Inc . ( Groupon , us , our , and we ) uses your information and applies to all who use our Web site , mobile applications , electronic services , social networking sites , or any individual , business partner-specific , merchant-specific , city-specific , or other area-specific Web sites we offer that link to or reference this Privacy Statement ( collectively , the Site ) and when you receive electronic communications from us . Please read this Privacy Statement carefully and review it periodically for the latest information about our privacy practices . By using the Site , you agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement . If you do not agree with the practices described in this Privacy Statement , please do not provide us with your personal information or interact with the Site . We will routinely update this Privacy Statement to clarify our practices and to reflect new or different privacy practices , such as when we add new services , functionality or features to the Site . If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified in your account ) or by means of notice on the Site prior to the change becoming effective . You can determine when this Privacy Statement was last revised by referring to the date it was Last Updated above . You can review the last version of this Privacy Statement here . This Privacy Statement is organized as follows :  Types of Information We Collect Your Choices How Groupon Uses Information When and Why Groupon Discloses Personal Information How Groupon Collects Information Security of Personal Information Accessing and Correcting Personal Information Social Networks Privacy Practices of Third Parties EU/EEA Safe Harbor ; Notice to Residents of Countries outside the United States of America Children 's Privacy TRUSTe Privacy Program Contact Us ; California Privacy Rights and Other Countries Glossary of Terms We will collect information , including Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information , when you interact with us and the Site , for example when you : access or use the Site ; register , subscribe , or create an account with Groupon ; open or respond to our e-mails ; provide information to enroll or participate in programs provided on behalf of , or together with , Business Partners ; visit any page online that displays our ads or content ; purchase products or services on or through the Site ; connect or link to any Site via social networking sites ; post comments to Online Communities ; and provide information to our Vendors . This Privacy Statement does not apply to the collection of information in any way other than as listed above . We think that you benefit from a more personalized experience when we know more about you and what you like . However , you can limit the information you provide to Groupon , and you can limit the communications that Groupon sends to you . You can manage your email and notice preferences by logging into your account through the Groupon website , entering the My Stuff section , and selecting My Email Subscriptions , or via the Groupon mobile application , by selecting Project in your account options and then selecting Subscriptions . You can also manage your subscriptions by following subscription management instructions contained in the commercial e-mails that we send you . You may choose to subscribe to some types of messages , and may choose to unsubscribe from others . You may update your subscription preferences at any time . Please note that even if you unsubscribe from promotional email messages , we may still need to contact you with important transactional information related to your account and your purchases . For example , even if you have unsubscribed from our promotional email messages , we will still send you confirmations when you make purchases on the Site . You may manage how your browser handles Cookies by adjusting its privacy and security settings . Browsers are different , so refer to instructions related to your browser to learn about cookie-related and other privacy and security settings that may be available . You can opt-out of being targeted by certain Third-Party Ad-Servers online using the National Advertising Initiative 's Opt-Out Tool , or on TRUSTe 's site . You may manage how your mobile device and mobile browser share certain Device Data with Groupon , as well as how your mobile browser handles Cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your mobile device . Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings . You may also manage the sharing of certain Personal Information with us when you connect with us through social networking platforms or applications . Please refer to the privacy policy and settings of the social networking website or application to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between Groupon and your social networking account or your mobile device . If you wish to opt out of receiving offers directly from our Business Partners , you can follow the opt-out instructions in the emails that they send you . We ( or our Vendors on our behalf ) , use information collected as described in this Privacy Statement to : Operate , maintain and improve the Site and our services ; Provide you with personalized ads and offers for products and services from us and participating Business Partners ; Facilitate and fulfill orders placed on the Site for example , for Groupon vouchers and other goods and services , including tracking redemption ; Evaluate your eligibility for certain types of offers , products or services that may be of interest to you , and analyze advertising effectiveness ; Answer your questions and respond to your requests ; Perform analytics and conduct customer research ; Communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to you about Groupon and our Business Partners , sometimes by combining your information with information from Other Sources ; Send you reminders , technical notices , updates , security alerts , support and administrative messages , service bulletins , marketing messages , and requested information , including on behalf of Business Partners ; Administer rewards , surveys , sweepstakes , contests , or other promotional activities or events sponsored by us or our Business Partners ; Manage our everyday business needs , such as administration of the Site , forum management , fulfillment , analytics , fraud prevention , and enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations and Terms of Use , or to comply with the law ; Allow you to apply for a job , post a video or sign up for special offers from merchants , Business Partners , or third parties through the Site , and to Enhance other information we have about you directly or from Other Sources to help us better understand you and determine your interests . We also may use information collected as described in this Privacy Statement with your consent or as otherwise required or permitted by law . We ( or our Vendors on our behalf ) may share your Personal Information as required or permitted by law : with any Groupon Affiliate who may only use the Personal Information for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement ; with our Vendors to provide services for us and who are required to protect the Personal Information ; to report or collect on debts owed to us or our Business Partners ; with relevant Business Partners : with whom we jointly offer products and services ; to facilitate a direct relationship with you , including in connection with any program we administer on behalf of the Business Partner ; to enable electronic communications with you as part of purchase , a sponsored reward , offer , contest , program , or other activity in which you have elected to participate ; to the extent you have purchased or redeemed a Groupon voucher , goods or services offered by a Business Partner or participated in an offer , rewards , contest or other activity or program sponsored or offered through Groupon on behalf of that Business Partner ; with a purchaser of Groupon or any of the Groupon Affiliates ( or their assets ) ; to comply with legal orders and government requests , or as needed to support auditing , compliance , and corporate governance functions ; to combat fraud or criminal activity , and to protect our rights or those of our Affiliates , users , and Business Partners , or as part of legal proceedings affecting Groupon ; in response to a subpoena , or similar legal process , including to law enforcement agencies , regulators , and courts in the United States and other countries where we operate ; or with your consent . We encourage Business Partners to adopt and post privacy policies . However , their use of Personal Information obtained through Groupon is governed by their privacy policies and is not subject to our control . We may also disclose Non-Identifiable Information :  for the same reasons we might share Personal Information ; with Business Partners for their own analysis and research ; to facilitate targeted content and ads ; or with Third-Party Ad-Servers to place our ads and/or ads of our merchants or Business Partners on the Site and on third-party sites , and to analyze the effectiveness of those ads . We do not share Personal Information with Third-Party Ad-Servers ; however , Third-Party Ad-Servers may automatically collect Non-Identifying Information about your visit to the Site and other websites , your device address , your Internet Service Provider and the browser you use to visit the Site . They do this by using Cookies , clear gifs and other technologies . Information collected may be used , among other things , to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visits to the Site and the other websites tracked by these third parties . This Privacy Statement does not cover the collection methods or use of the information collected by Third-Party Ad-Servers , and Groupon is not responsible for Cookies or clear gifs in third party ads . We encourage you to review the privacy policies or statements of these third party advertising companies to learn more about their use of Cookies and other technologies . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by third party advertisers , please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org . You provide us with your Personal Information when you register , subscribe , create an account , purchase or redeem Groupon vouchers , or otherwise when you provide us with your Personal Information during your interaction with the Site . We also collect Personal Information when you contact us online for customer service and other support using self-help tools , such as email , text , or by posting to an Online Community . We also receive Personal Information and other online and offline information from Other Sources . Groupon will use such information in accordance with applicable laws . Such information , when combined with Personal Information collected as provided in this Privacy Statement , will also be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement . We also use cookies , tags , web beacons , local shared objects , files , tools and programs to keep records , store your preferences , improve our advertising , and collect Non-Identifying Information , including Device Data and your interaction with the Site and our Business Partners ' web sites . We use Cookies that contain serial numbers that allow us to connect your Site activity with other information we store about you in your profile or as related to your interactions with the Site . We use session cookies on a temporary basis , such as to manage your view of pages on the Site . We use persistent cookies for a number of purposes , such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided ( for example , your user id if you asked to be remembered ) , and storing your preferences ( for example , the cities for which you want to be shown Groupon vouchers ) . Information from Cookies also tells us about the website you were visiting before you came to the Site and the website you visit after you leave the Site . When you access these pages or open email messages , we use Pixel Tags and Web Beacons to generate a notice of that action to us , or our Vendors . These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve the Site ' pages and promotions . Device Data may be collected when your device interacts with the Site and Groupon , even if you are not logged into the Site using your device . If you have questions about the security and privacy settings of your mobile device , please refer to instructions from your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings . Groupon has implemented an information security program that contains administrative , technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard Personal Information . For example , we use industry-standard encryption technology to secure Financial Account Information . You can access , update and delete your , Financial Account Information , and the other information you provided to us in your profile by logging into your account and accessing the My Account section of the Site or sending us an email at privacy @ groupon.com . Keeping your Personal Information current helps ensure that we , our Affiliates and Business Partners offer you the offers that are most relevant to you . If you want to close your Groupon account or have other questions or requests , please contact us . While we are ready to assist you in managing your subscriptions , closing your account , and removing your active profile , we can not always delete records of past interactions and transactions . For example , we are required to retain records relating to previous purchases on the Site for financial reporting and compliance reasons . We will retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and to maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting purposes . If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your Personal Information to provide you services contact us at support @ groupon.com . We will retain and use your Personal Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . Social Community Areas The Site may be accessible through or contain connections to areas where you may be able to publicly post information , communicate with others such as discussion boards or blogs , review products and merchants , and submit media content . Prior to posting in these areas , please read our Terms of Use carefully . All the information you post may be accessible to anyone with Internet access , and any Personal Information you include in your posting may be read , collected , and used by others . For example , if you post your email address along with a public restaurant review , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties . You should avoid publicly posting Personal Information or identifying information about third parties . Connecting through Social Networks Groupon offers social networking users the opportunity to interact with friends and to share on social networks . If you are logged into both Groupon and a social network , when you use the Site ' social networking connection functions , we will link your social network account with your Groupon account if the email addresses match . If the email addresses do not match , we ask you if you want to link them and you must validate that you control the accounts . If you are already logged into Groupon but not logged into your social network site , when you use the Site ' social network connection functions , you will be prompted to enter your social network web site credentials or to sign up for the social network . If you are not currently registered as a Groupon user and you use the Site 's social network connection functions , you will first be asked to enter your social network credentials and then be given the option to register and join Groupon . Once you register with Groupon and connect with the social network , you will be able to automatically post recent Groupon activity back to your social network . Please refer to the privacy settings in your social network account to manage the data that is shared through your account . By proceeding through any of the above steps , you grant Groupon permission to access all of the elements of your social network profile information that you have made available to be shared and to use it in accordance with the social network 's terms of use and this Privacy Statement . This Privacy Statement only addresses the use and disclosure of information by Groupon through your interaction with the Site . Other websites that may be accessible through links from the Site may have their own privacy statements and personal information collection , use , and disclosure practices . Our Business Partners may also have their own privacy statements . We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by these other parties prior to providing them with information or taking advantage of a sponsored offer or promotion . Groupon , Inc. is headquartered in the United States of America . We recognize that the European Community has established a data protection regime pursuant to Directive 95/46/EC ( the Directive ) . The Directive applies to the European Economic Area ( EEA ) . Switzerland has also established a data protection regime pursuant to the Federal Act on Data Protection ( FADP ) . These regimes restrict companies in the EEA and Switzerland ( collectively , EEA/CH ) from transferring personal data about individuals in the EEA/CH to the United States , unless there is adequate protection for such personal data when it is received in the United States . To create such adequate protection and allow our Affiliates , Vendors and Business Partners to overcome the restriction on international data transfers established by the Directive and the FADP , we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles published by US Department of Commerce ( Safe Harbor Principles ) with respect to personal data about individuals in the EEA/CH that our subsidiaries and Business Partners in the EEA/CH send to us , ( EEA/CH Data ) . More information on the Safe Harbor Principles and Groupon , Inc. 's scope of participation is available at http : //export.gov/safeharbor/ . Groupon 's policy concerning the processing of EEA/CH Data under its certification can be viewed at http : //www.groupon.com/safe-harbor . If you live outside the United States ( including in the EEA/CH ) , and you use the Site or provide us with Personal Information directly via the Site , your information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement . By using the Site or giving us your Personal Information , you are directly transferring your Personal Information and Non-Identifiable Information to us in the United States . The United States may not have the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction . However , you agree and consent to our collection , transfer , and processing of your Personal Information and Non-Identifiable Information in accordance with this Privacy Statement . You are solely responsible for compliance with any data protection or privacy obligations in your jurisdiction when you use the Site or provide us with Personal Information . Regardless of where we transfer your information , we still protect your information in the manner described in this Privacy Statement . Groupon does not intend that any portion of the Site will be accessed or used by children under the age of thirteen , and such use is prohibited . The Site is designed and intended for adults . By using Groupon , you represent that you are at least eighteen years old and understand that you must be at least eighteen years old in order to create an account and purchase the goods or services advertised through the Site . We will promptly delete information associated with any account be obtain actual knowledge is associated with a registered user who is not at least eighteen years old . TRUSTe online privacy certification Groupon , Inc. has received TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Statement and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your information . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Statement or practices , please contact us at privacy @ groupon.com . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . The TRUSTe program only covers information collected on the Web site www.groupon.com . Please contact us if you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices or this Privacy Statement . You can reach us online at privacy @ groupon.com . You can reach us via postal mail at the following address :  Groupon Inc . Attention : Privacy Office 600 West Chicago Avenue Chicago , Illinois 60654 USA If you reside in Canada , you may have the right to be provided with access to Personal Information that we have collected about you and written information about our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your personal information to Vendors outside Canada . E-mail us at privacy @ groupon.com with questions . Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code , residents of California can obtain certain information about the types of personal information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the proceeding calendar year . In particular , the law provides that companies must inform consumers about the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties , the names and addresses of those third parties , and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties . To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by Groupon pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code , please contact us via the email or address stated above . Please allow 30 days for a response . Affiliate means a company owned and/or controlled by Groupon , Inc . Business Partners means , collectively , third parties with whom we conduct business , such as merchants , co-marketers , distributors , and resellers . Cookie means a small amount of information that a web server sends to your browser that stores information about your account , your preferences , and your use of the Site . Some cookies are temporary , whereas others may be configured to last longer . Session cookies are temporary cookies used for various reasons , such as to manage page views . Your browser usually erases session cookies once you exit your browser . Persistent cookies are more permanent cookies that are stored on your computers or mobile devices even beyond when you exit your browser . Device Data means information concerning a device you use to access , use , or interact with the Site , such as operating system type or mobile device model , browser type , domain , and other system settings , the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device , geo-location , unique device identifier or other device identifier , mobile phone carrier identification , and device software platform and firmware information . Non-Identifying Information means information that alone can not identify you , including data from Cookies , Pixel Tags and Web Beacons , and Device Data . Non-Identifying Information may be derived from Personal Information . Online Communities means , collectively , our social networking pages or accounts , forums , bulletin boards , discussion groups , chat rooms or other methods of communication that may be offered on or linked through the Site . Other Sources means sources of information that legally provide Groupon with your information , and which are outside the scope of this Privacy Statement at the time of collection . Personal Information means information about you that specifically identifies you or , when combined with other information we have , can be used to identify you . This includes the following types of information :  Contact Information : your name , postal addresses , email addresses , social networking website user account names , telephone numbers , or other addresses at which you are able to receive communications . Relationship Information : information you provide that enables us to determine lifestyle , interests , and activities , including location information related to your state/province , city , or neighborhood ; areas of interest , the types of deals that interest you , information collected through your interactions with social networks , demographic information ( e.g. , birth date , age , gender ) ; information about persons for whom you have purchased Groupon vouchers as gifts or who have bought Groupon vouchers as gifts for you ; and information about friends who refer you or whom you have referred ;  Transaction Information : information you provide when you interact with us and the Site , such as the Groupon vouchers you are interested in , purchase and redeem ; email and other communications ; and how you interact with Business Partners and our Vendors ; and Financial Information : information collected from you as needed to process payments for Groupon vouchers or other products or services that you buy , or as provided by you to administer your participation in optional services and programs , such as your payment card number , expiration date , and card verification number . Pixel Tags and Web Beacons means tiny graphic images placed on website pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed specific actions . Third-Party Ad-Servers means Vendors and other third parties that provide the technology to place ads on websites and track ad performance . Vendors means , collectively , third parties that perform business operations on behalf of Groupon , such as transaction processing , billing , mailing , communications services ( e-mail , direct mail , etc. ) , marketing , data processing and analytics , servicing , collections , or ad management . 
Privacy Policy Newegg.com is the sole owner of information collected on this site . We will not sell , share , or rent this information to any outside parties , except as outlined in this policy . We collect information from our customers to process orders and better serve you with pertinent information , such as order confirmations and order status updates . Information collected includes your name , shipping address , billing address , telephone numbers , e-mail address , and payment information such as your credit card number . We also require you to submit a username and password of your choice for your future access to your account information . To safeguard that your user name and password remain confidential , DO NOT share this information with anyone . If you elect to receive our newsletter or special promotions , your contact information will be used for the delivery of these items . In order to process your orders placed on this website , you must first complete the registration form . During registration , you will be required to provide your contact information , which includes your name , e-mail address , telephone number and street address . This information is used to provide you with important Newegg.com services such as automated order status updates via e-mail . Most of the information collected in the registration process will be used to process orders . During the order process , you will have to provide financial information such as your credit card number , expiration date , money order , wire transfer or check information . This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order . If we have trouble processing an order , we will use this contact information to get in touch with you . To properly process your credit card information , we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval . This process is protected by an enhanced security system . See the Security section below for more details on security measures and procedures . We do not share your personal and financial information with any third parties , except those specified in the Sharing section of this policy . We customize certain Web page content based upon your browser type and other information provided by our cookie . If you choose to reject the cookie , you can still browse our store but will be unable to use the shopping cart to buy merchandise . The Newegg.com shopping cart can not function without cookies enabled so that the necessary information to process your order is retained . If you disable cookies , Newegg.com will be unable to accept your online order . We will not share any personally identifiable information provided by this cookie with any third party . We will , however , link data stored in cookies to the personally identifiable information you submitted while on our site . This allows us to personalize your shopping experience and discern user preferences to evoke subconscious feelings of familiarity and assurance . Some of our business partners ( e.g. , advertisers ) use cookies on our site . We have no access to or control over these cookies . This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Newegg.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers . We use IP addresses to analyze trends , administer the site , track user movement , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use . We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information , and we do not distribute or share IP information with any third parties . We may employ third party companies to perform functions on our behalf . These functions may include order fulfillment , package delivery , marketing assistance , postal and e-mail delivery , customer service , data analysis , and credit processing . The third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes . FedEx Corporation 942 South Shady Grove Road Memphis , TN 38120 1-800-GO-FEDEX www.fedex.com UPS Corporate Headquarters 55 Glenlake Parkway , NE Atlanta , GA 30328 1-800-PICK-UPS www.ups.com US Postal Service Headquarters 475 L 'Enfant Plaza , SW Washington , DC 20260 1-800-ASK-USPS www.usps.com We may frame or mask another website so that the look , feel and interface simulate the experience of browsing a genuine Newegg.com web page . Extreme care and discretion is exercised when evaluating third party sites . We only brand third party sites if their organization applies stringent security and privacy practices which parallel our own commitment to safe online shopping . As our business continues to evolve , we may acquire or sell business units or subsidiaries . Customer information is one of the business assets that would be transferred in these types of transactions . In such a situation , your personally identifiable information would only be used in a manner consistent with our pre-existing Privacy Notice . We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law , and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our website . The testimonials section of the Newegg.com website is for the purpose of sharing positive experiences . The testimonials section is moderated to ensure accurate and positive testimonials . Published testimonials are genuine and are not edited or altered by Newegg.com . Newegg.com reserves the right to post or remove any testimonial at its discretion . By posting your comment ( s ) or testimonial ( s ) ( " Testimonial " ) on our website , you give us permission to reprint or use the Testimonial in connection with our business . You also are agreeing to the following : ( 1 ) The reprint or use of the Testimonial will be at our discretion and without compensation ; ( 2 ) We may use the Testimonial with or without any pseudo ( pen ) name credit ; ( 3 ) Our right to use the Testimonial is perpetual and may be assigned by us ; ( 4 ) We may use the Testimonial locally , nationally or globally and such use may be made in any media , information or communication platform ( including Internet advertising ) currently in use or later developed ; and ( 5 ) You and not someone else composed and posted the Testimonial . Other than your pseudo ( pen ) name , which we may or may not use , your personal contact information will not be disclosed in connection with our reprint or use of your Testimonial . Newegg.com does not sell products for purchase by children . Youth-oriented products are sold for purchase by adults only . If you are under the age of 18 , you may only use Newegg.com in the presence of a consenting parent or guardian . We will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information via the Internet from children under the age of 13 . Newegg.com is committed to protecting the welfare and privacy of children . This website contains links to other sites . Please be aware that Newegg.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites . We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site , and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information . This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website . Newegg.com takes precautions to protect its customers ' information . When you submit sensitive information via the website , your information is protected both online and offline . When our registration/order form asks you to enter sensitive information ( such as your credit card number ) , that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software currently available in the industry - SSL . Newegg.com uses the most advanced form of SSL software available : 128-bit encryption by VeriSign . To learn more about SSL , follow this link www.verisign.com . Access to all of our users ' information is restricted . Newegg.com operates in a secured and locked facility that requires all employees to check in and wear valid ID badges . Security cameras are positioned throughout the building in conjunction with multiple alarm systems . Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information . If you wish to have your financial information removed at the time of your order , you may opt to have your financial information deleted from our records upon completion of your order . Otherwise , you may contact us at webmaster @ newegg.com , or call toll free 1-800-390-1119 , to request that your information be deleted from our database . For future transactions , you will be required to re-enter your information . All Newegg.com servers , including web servers and database servers , are housed and maintained in secure locations . Access to the database is strictly monitored and protected from outside access . Internet access is restricted and protected by multiple Checkpoint and Cisco firewalls and password protection . The servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secured environment , inside a secured and locked room . All backups are stored and locked in a high-level security room . Only personnel with proper security clearance have access to these restricted areas . Tape backups are not permitted to leave the premises without prior authorization . All employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices . Every quarter , in addition to any time a new policy is added , Newegg.com employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance of privacy , and what they can do to ensure that customers ' information remains protected at all times . If you have any questions or concerns about Newegg.com 's security practices , you can send us an email at service @ newegg.com . Our special offers are sent only to customers who grant Newegg.com permission to send them such information . To honor the privacy of our users , we offer the option to not receive these types of communications . At the time of your order , you may opt to not receive special offers and news by clicking the appropriate field . Furthermore , all special offers are sent via e-mail and include an opt-out link if you no longer wish to receive special offers and news . Customers might still receive intermittent updates on products , services , specials or Newegg.com news . Please reference the Choice/Opt-out section below for further details on how to be removed from our mailing list should you choose to be removed . Customers may change or review their stored account information such as street address or e-mail address through our website by visiting our Help section . You must have your username and password in order to access your account . In the event you forget both your username and password , please contact our customer service department for assistance . For customers who wish to opt-out and stop receiving Newegg.com special offers and related news , Newegg.com provides several ways to do so . Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by un-checking the " permission to send " field when processing their orders . They may also send e-mails to webmaster @ newegg.com with a request to be removed . Finally , they may use the link provided in all Newegg.com communications to automatically unsubscribe . If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , the homepage , and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it . We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently . If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on our homepage . If you have opted out of receiving communications from Newegg.com , you will still be able to view news of policy changes at www.newegg.com . Otherwise , you may e-mail us at webmaster @ newegg.com or call us toll free at ( 800 ) 390-1119 to ask our customer service department about changes and updates . Last Update The Privacy Policy contained herein became officially effective June 1 , 2005 . Address Newegg.com 9997 Rose Hills Road Whittier , CA 90601 
Welcome ! This privacy policy applies to customer information collected and used by Kohl 's Corporation and its affiliates in Kohl 's retail stores ( " Stores " ) and on our " Site. "  For purposes of this privacy policy , " Site " means those websites linking to this Policy , including without limitation , Kohls.com , its related subdomains and microsites , Kohl 's mobile applications and Kohls.com accessed through Kohl 's kiosks and/or your mobile device . To view your separate Kohl 's Credit Card Privacy Policy , please click here . Please take a moment to read our Privacy Policy ( " Policy " ) which explains what type of information is collected both in our Stores and through our Site , how that information is used , to whom it is disclosed , and how it is safeguarded . By using the Site and shopping in our Stores , you agree to the terms of this Policy and our use of your information as described in this Policy , and you expressly agree to comply with Kohl 's Legal Notices . Back to Top ( a ) Information Collected When You Interact with Kohl 's : We collect information , including personal information , from you in a variety of ways when you interact with Kohl 's , both in our Stores and through our Site . Examples of information we may collect include your name , home address , email address , telephone number , mobile phone number , precise location information , mobile device identification , Site traffic and navigational information , credit card number , purchase and order information , demographical information and event-related information for gift registries . Such information can be collected , for instance , when :  You follow the checkout process and make an online or in-store purchase , return or exchange ; You purchase an electronic gift card ; You create a personalized Kohls.com shopping account for your convenience ; You use our online order tracking ; You sign up to receive promotional emails or text messages ( including offers and sales alerts ) ; You sign up to join a loyalty , rewards or similar program or club ; You provide your contact information and product preferences in consulting with our beauty associates ; You participate in one of our promotional sweepstakes , contests and/or surveys or focus groups ; You create or update a gift registry ; You use the Ratings & Reviews or related services and features ; You submit a request to our Customer Service team ; You sign up for , and/or maintain , a Kohl 's Charge card ; You use and navigate Kohl 's Sites , including features to find store locations ; You click on sponsored links or third-party advertisements ; You install , use , and navigate Kohl 's mobile applications and/or mobile website ; You participate in the Kohl 's Blog and/or use Kohl 's pages on social media sites , such as Facebook , Twitter , YouTube , Pinterest and Instagram ( " Social Media Pages " ) . You use the Wi-Fi Services provided in some Stores . ( b ) Information from Other Sources : We may receive information about you from other sources and third parties . For instance , we obtain information from companies to enhance our existing customer information , such as improving the accuracy of the information we have about our customers . Back to Top We use the information we collect to carry out our core business functions , such as : ( i ) processing purchase , return or exchange transactions ; ( ii ) providing the products or services you request ; ( iii ) improving our Site and our Stores ; ( iv ) marketing and promotional purposes ; ( v ) communicating with you ; and ( vi ) to enhance your overall Kohl 's shopping experience across channels . In order to accomplish these objectives , we may also combine information about you that we collect in our Stores and through our Site , including your use of our mobile applications and Wi-Fi Services . Back to Top ( a ) Internally : We may share your information within Kohl 's Corporation , including with our affiliates ( b ) Merger or Acquisition : In the event that Kohl 's and/or its affiliates would merge with , acquire or be acquired by another business entity as well as ( or portions through ) an asset sale or is involved in a corporate reorganization or other change of control , some or all of the personal information collected about you could be shared , as well as retained by Kohl 's . ( c ) Service Providers : We provide your information to companies that provide support services to Kohl 's , such as : printers , marketing providers , analytics companies , web hosting providers , contest and survey administrators , call center service providers , payment processors , fulfillment and logistics vendors and data verification providers . We may also share your personal information with third parties that provide financial products and services related to our business , such as Kohl 's Charge . These companies need your personal information to perform their functions , to fulfill your requests and to make your shopping experience more satisfying . ( d ) Elsewhere at your Direction : At your direction , we may share your information . For instance , if you participate in any Kohl 's Gift Registry , you agree that your name ( s ) , event date ( s ) , state and complete Gift List will be viewable on the Site , our partnership Gift Registry websites and/or in Kohl 's Stores to anyone who searches , finds and selects the registrants ' names when using the Gift Registry feature . If Gift Registry participants do not want this information accessible on Kohls.com and/or our partnership Gift Registry websites , they may call Kohl 's Customer Service toll free at ( 866 ) 887-8884 to request registry access be restricted to Kohl 's Stores only . ( e ) Legal or Safety Requirements : Kohl 's may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based upon our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law , to protect users of our Site or the Site itself , to protect the public or to otherwise protect and defend the rights and property of Kohl 's . Back to Top The following applies to your use of Kohl 's mobile website , mobile applications , and/or Kohl 's Wi-Fi Services in our Stores : ( a ) Mobile Coupons & Text Messages : Kohl 's distributes mobile coupons and text messages to mobile devices of customers who have requested the coupons and consented to the text messages via an opt-in request . The opportunity to opt out of a specific text message marketing campaign will be made available with the messages we send . Refer to " Choices Regarding Your Information " section below for more options . ( b ) Information Collected Automatically : Kohl 's collects certain information automatically , such as the type of mobile device you use ; device identifier ; your mobile operating system ; pages you visit on our mobile site ; search terms ; the type of mobile Internet browsers you use ; and information about the way you use our mobile website and applications . ( c ) Precise Location Information : If you elect to utilize the location-based features and functionalities made available by Kohl 's through its mobile website or mobile applications , or simply by using Kohl 's Wi-Fi Services in our Stores , Kohl 's may collect mobile device identification and precise , real-time location-based information from technologies like Wi-Fi , or cell tower triangulation ( or a combination of these technologies ) . If you do not want Kohl 's to use location-based information , please refrain from using Kohl 's Wi-Fi services or any location-based service offered through our mobile website or through a Kohl 's mobile application or click " Do n't Allow " when your mobile device requests your location-based information . Once you elect to allow location-based services through a Kohl 's mobile application , you are agreeing that we can use your location data when you use location-based features like the store locator , and we can continue to collect your location information when you are at a Kohl 's Store unless you turn off location-based services for the Kohl 's mobile application . Refer to Choices Regarding Your Information section below for more options . ( d ) Other Information : With respect to other information collected through our mobile website or Kohl 's mobile applications , we may collect the same type of information as addressed in " Types of Information We Collect " and will use and share the collected information in the manner described in " How We Use Your Information " and " How We Share Your Information. "  Back to Top ( a ) General : A cookie is a small text file sent by a website that is stored on your hard drive by your computer 's browser . At Kohls.com , we use two kinds of cookies : session cookies and persistent cookies . Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open . We use session cookies , for example , to add items to your shopping bag . Persistent cookies last from visit to visit and do not go away when you exit your browser . We use persistent cookies to give you a more personalized shopping experience and to streamline your website navigation . For example , we use persistent cookies to show you items you have previously browsed on Kohls.com . Managing cookies varies from browser to browser , so please refer to your browser for further information . If you would like to disable cookies from Kohls.com , please use the help function in your web browser to restrict cookies from our Site . If you block cookies from Kohls.com , you may not be able to make purchases or use other interactive features of our Site . We also use pixel tags ( sometimes called " web beacons " or " clear gifs " ) , which are tiny graphic images , on our websites and in our emails . Pixel tags help us analyze our customers ' online behavior , collecting information about your visit , including pages you view , links you click , whether you open an email or if our banner ads on our Site or other websites are effective . The information collected may include your computer 's Internet protocol ( IP ) address , your browser type , your operating system , date and time information , and other technical information about your computer . We may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before and immediately after coming to our Site , including banner ads bringing you to or taking you from Kohls.com Identifiers for Advertising ( " IFA " ) or other device identifiers may be used when you use Kohl 's mobile application or utilize Kohl 's Wi-Fi Services in Stores , as described in the Mobile and Location-Based Services portion of this Policy . Kohl 's may also use service providers and/or third-party analytic companies acting on behalf of Kohl 's to implement these cookies , pixel tags and similar technologies to help us track , collect and analyze this information to improve our Site . ( b ) Technology Used to Serve Advertisements on Websites . Kohl 's and our third-party vendors , such as Google , use first- and third-party cookies to inform , optimize and serve ads based upon a user 's past visits to our Site , and to report upon how Kohl 's ad impressions and other ad services are related to the Site . We may combine and associate the information we collect through these technologies with other information we have collected from and about you . This collective information may be used for interest-based advertising ( also called " online behavioral advertising " ) in order to personalize your online experience , improve our website , and to tailor our marketing to you . To learn more about this process or to opt out of this type of advertising , click here . Back to Top ( a ) Personal Information Collected Directly by Kohl 's : Kohl 's may collect personal information from you through our Social Media Pages if you provide it . Examples of how personal information may be collected directly on Social Media Pages include your provision of information through ( i ) an application or form which links to this Policy , including Kohl 's sweepstakes or contests appearing on our Social Media Pages ; and/or ( ii ) you interact with a Kohl 's representative concerning a customer service or other issue , question , or comment . ( b ) Personal Information Collected by the Social Media Sites : This Policy does not cover the privacy and security practices of the social media sites on which Kohl 's has Social Media Pages . Please review the privacy policies and terms of use on the Social Media Pages if you have any questions about their privacy or security practices . The social media sites where Kohl 's has its Social Media Pages may provide aggregate and customer information and analysis to Kohl 's about visitors ' use of our Social Media Pages and Kohl 's advertising on these sites . Back to Top ( a ) Email : Each promotional email you receive from Kohl 's will offer you the continuing opportunity to cancel or opt out of Kohl 's email list . In addition , if you decide that you would rather not receive promotional emails from us in the future , you may unsubscribe at this address : http : //www.kohls.com/homepage/sale_alert_unsub.jsp ( b ) Mobile Coupons & Text Messages : If you have signed up for text messages and/or mobile coupons , but later decide you no longer wish to receive them , you can simply follow the opt-out instructions provided in each mobile message , or you can contact Kohl 's Customer Service toll free at ( 866 ) 887-8884 . ( c ) Mobile Application and Location-Based Services : If you do not want Kohl 's to use location-based information , please refrain from using a location-based service or functionality or click " Do n't Allow " when your mobile device requests your location-based information . In addition , if you previously opted into Kohl 's collection and use of location-based information through our mobile application , you may turn off location-based services for the Kohl 's mobile application at any time through the Settings on your mobile device . Additionally , you can stop collection of all location-based information by uninstalling the application and refraining from using Kohl 's Wi-Fi Services available in some Stores . You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network . ( d ) Postal Mail : If you wish to be removed from the list of customers who receive direct mail through the post mail , please contact Kohl 's Customer Service toll free at ( 866 ) 887-8884 or send your request to the following address ( please be sure to include your full name and mailing address where you are receiving the direct mail that you wish to discontinue ) :  Kohl 's Department Stores , Inc . PO Box 3120 Milwaukee , WI 53201 ( e ) Interest-Based Advertising : For more information about opt-out programs that our third-party advertising vendors may participate in , and the effect of opting out , you can visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ ( f ) Cookies : Refer to the Help function of your browser to learn more about cookie settings and options . ( g ) Other Website Analytics Services : To learn more about the analytic services provided to Kohl 's by Omniture and Google , respectively , and/or to exercise your opt-out choices , please click on the following links :  - Omniture : http : //www.adobe.com/privacy.html - Google Analytics : http : //www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html and https : //www.google.com/settings/ads ( h ) Update Your Information : If you have created a Kohls.com shopping account and/or a gift registry , you can update your information by signing back into your account or registry . If you have any other requests , please contact Kohl 's Customer Service toll free at ( 866 ) 887-8884 or send your request to the following address :  Kohl 's Department Stores , Inc . PO Box 3043 Milwaukee , WI 53201 Back to Top Under California law , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties for their direct marketing purposes . The notice will identify the categories of personal information shared with third parties , as well as the name and address of the third parties that receive such personal information . If you want a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the following address :  Kohl 's Department Stores , Inc. , Attn . Kohls.com Team , PO Box 3043 Milwaukee , WI 53201 California residents are also advised that Kohl 's ( and certain third parties authorized by Kohl 's ) does track users ' behavior on our Site and across websites for the purpose of serving targeted ads , for instance , or as further described in the " How We Use Your Information " above . As noted , we use third-party advertising vendors that use first- and third-party cookies to gather information as customers interact with Kohl 's Site and interact with other websites . Once gathered , this information helps us to serve ads on our website and other websites . For information about opt-out programs that our third-party advertising vendors may participate in , and the effect of opting out , you can visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ . You should be aware that our Site may not recognize Do Not Track header information from some or all browsers . Back to Top ( a ) Online Security : Kohls.com utilizes Secure Sockets Layering ( " SSL " ) to encrypt the information you provide ( including , but not limited to , name , address and credit card number ) as it is transmitted across the Internet to Kohls.com . This means you should not be able to place an order through an unsecured connection . Although we will take reasonable security precautions regarding your personal information collected from and stored on the Site , because of the open nature of the Internet , we can not guarantee that any of your personal information stored on our servers or on those of our third parties , or transmitted to or from Kohls.com , will be free from unauthorized access or disclosure . Accordingly , and as set forth in our Legal Notices , we disclaim any liability for any unauthorized access to , disclosure or damage to , interception of , theft , or loss of any data communications and/or personal information . By using the Site , you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks . Kohl 's is also BBB Accredited for the Web . Click on the BBB Seal below to learn more about this certification . ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES BBBOnLine Reliability Seal ( b ) In-store Cameras : Kohl 's uses in-store cameras , primarily for fraud detection and security , as well as for operational purposes , such as measuring traffic patterns . Back to Top The Site , including its mobile applications and tools , is not marketed to , and does not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from , children under the age of 13 . Back to Top Please review the My Kohl 's Charge Online Privacy Policy available on the My Kohl 's Charge website to learn how any information you provide to My Kohl 's Charge is protected and used . Back to Top For your convenience , our Site may contain links to outside websites . Kohl 's is not responsible for the web practices of those sites , and we expressly disclaim liability and responsibility for those links . Please view the respective privacy policies and terms of use provided on those sites if you have any questions about their web practices , which Kohl 's has neither reviewed nor endorsed . Back to Top As we continue to offer new and different types of content and services , Kohl 's may modify our collection and use practices covered by this Policy . Should there be a material change to our information practices , it will be applied only to information collected on a go-forward basis , and we will update this privacy policy statement as reflected by updating the date at the beginning of this Policy . For this reason , Kohl 's encourages you to review this Policy statement each time you visit this Site . Back to Top If you have any questions , comments or concerns with respect to our privacy practices or this Policy , please feel free to contact us at customer.service @ kohls.com 
Macy 's and macys.com Notice of Privacy Practices This notice of privacy practices was updated on January 9 , 2013 . This notice of privacy practices applies to information collected in Macy 's stores , online at macys.com , and via mobile applications ( Macy 's iShop , macys.com accessed through your mobile device ) . To view your separate Department Store National Bank Privacy Policy for your Macy 's credit card and to read more information about our credit services , please click here . This Notice of Privacy Practices explains :  The kinds of information we collect How we use information Our information sharing practices Customer Preferences and Opt-Out Choices How you may access some of the information you provide to us We encourage you to refer to this notice periodically so that you understand our current privacy practices . If you have any questions about this notice , please contact our Customer Service department :  By mail at : Macy 's Credit and Customer Services ATTN : Privacy Office P.O . Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040 By phone at 1.888.529.2254 Via e-mail at privacy.master @ macys.com Your access of and use of our web site means you agree to the terms in this notice of privacy practices and our Legal Notice . We collect information from a variety of sources , including information provided by you , information we collect when you visit our Web site or stores and information we collect about you from third party sources . The following are examples of the types of information we may collect : Information you provide : Name Address ( billing and shipping ) Zip code e-mail address Telephone number ( s ) Mobile number ( s ) Credit card number ( s ) Birth date Password Information associated with use of our Web site : macys.com uses the information gathered from cookies and web beacons , such as IP address to enhance your experience on our Web site . Information associated with doing business with Macy 's : Transaction information , including : Items purchased Date and time of your transaction Information from third party sources : We may receive your updated shipping information from a third party carrier . Back to Top We may use the information we collect to process a transaction , provide the products or services you request , to improve our Web site and stores , to enhance your shopping experience , and for marketing and promotional purposes . We may combine information about you that we collect on-line , in our stores , via mobile applications , and from third party sources . Cookies and Other Technologies on macys.com This section addresses macys.com use of cookies and Flash Cookies . A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a Web site that is stored on your hard disk by your computer 's browser . A web beacon ( also known as tracking pixels or clear GIF ) is an embedded image on a Web site that monitors a Web site 's activity . At macys.com , we use two kinds of cookies : session cookies and persistent cookies . Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open . We use session cookies , for example , to add items to your shopping bag . Persistent cookies last from visit to visit ; they do not go away when you exit your browser . At macys.com , we use persistent cookies to give you a more personalized shopping experience and to help you navigate our Web site more efficiently . For example , we use persistent cookies to show you items you have previously browsed . Managing cookies preferences differs from browser to browser so please refer to your browser for further information . If you would like to disable cookies and web beacons from macys.com , please use the help function in your web browser to restrict cookies from our Web site . If you block cookies from macys.com , you will not be able to make purchases on our Web site . A Flash Cookie ( also known as Local Shared Object ) is a data file stored on your computer by the web sites that you visit ( click here for more details ) . From time to time , macys.com uses Flash Cookie ( s ) on the web site , for example , to enable or control Flash-based content . Flash Cookies provide similar functionality as the cookies ( discussed above in this section ) , but are based on different technology and are persistent . To manage the Flash Cookie settings and preferences for your computer , please click here and you will be directed to the Settings Manager on Adobe 's web site . You may also be able to manage Flash Cookies from your browser , depending on the version of your browser . Back to Top We may share your information within Macy 's , Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries ( including Bloomingdale 's ) . We may also share your information with third parties with whom we have relationship ( to opt-out of third party sharing please click here ) . For example :  Internally When you make a purchase , we may share information about you and your transaction with other companies necessary to process your transaction . Externally We may share your information with third parties so that they can directly market their products or services to you if we feel that these products or services may be of interest to you . Coremetrics We work with a third party company , Coremetrics , to assist us in better understanding how people use our Web site . The information that we collect through cookies tells us things like which search engine referred you , how you navigated around our Web site , what you purchased , and how banner ads and e-mails direct web traffic to our Web site . Coremetrics analyzes the information it collects from macys.com and returns it to us through an encrypted connection . We do not share credit card or password information with Coremetrics . Coremetrics may only use information we share with them about our Web site visitors to perform services for us . Coremetrics is required to maintain all of the information it collects and analyzes securely and in confidence . For more information , please view the Coremetrics privacy policy . To learn more about opting-out of Coremetrics analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior , please refer to Your Contact Preferences and Opt-Out Choices in this notice . Back to Top E-mail : To opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing e-mails from macys.com , you may : Unsubscribe by signing into your account on macys.com , clicking on my profile and indicating your opt-out preference . Use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any e-mail sent by macys.com . Contact us : By mail at : Macy 's Credit and Customer Services ATTN : Privacy Office P.O . Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040 By phone at 1.888.529.2254 Note : It may take up to 10 business days to process your request . Mobile Marketing : To opt-out of mobile marketing , you may :  Reply STOP to any macys.com text message on your mobile phone/wireless device . Contact us : By mail at : Macy 's Credit and Customer Services ATTN : Privacy Office P.O . Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040 By phone at 1.888.529.2254 Note : Please allow 3-5 business days after contacting us to process your request . We do not share your mobile number with any third parties for marketing purposes . Direct Mail or Telemarketing : To opt-out of receiving direct mail or telemarketing calls , you may :  Contact us : By mail at : Macy 's Credit and Customer Services ATTN : Privacy Office P.O . Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040 If you choose to write to us , please include your name , address , phone number , and last 4 digits of your Macy 's proprietary or American Express co-brand credit card account number ( if you have one ) and state one of the following : " NO MAIL OFFERS " ( if you do n't want to receive offers by mail ) " NO PHONE OFFERS " ( if you do n't want to receive offers by phone ) ; or " NO PHONE OR MAIL OFFERS " ( if you do n't want to receive either ) By phone at 1.888.529.2254 . Note : Because listings often are prepared well in advance ( 12-16 weeks , in many cases ) you may continue to receive some offers after you send us your request . Third Party Sharing : If you prefer that we not disclose your information to third parties for marketing purposes , you can :  Contact us : By mail at : Macy 's Credit and Customer Services ATTN : Privacy Office P.O . Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040 If you choose to write to us , please include your name , address , phone number , and last 4 digits of your Macy 's proprietary or American Express co-brand credit card account number ( if you have one ) and state " NO THIRD PARTY SHARING " in your request . By phone at 1.888.529.2254 . Online Behavioral Advertising : Online behavioral advertising uses information about you to provide relevant , targeted advertising of interest to you . Please click here for additional information on online behavioral advertising . If you would like to opt-out of online behavioral advertising , please click here . Please note that you will be opted out of all online behavioral advertising from all business members of the Network Advertising Initiative . If you opt-out , you may continue to see or receive online advertising from macys.com ; however , these ads may not be as relevant to you . Coremetrics : As a macys.com user , you may choose to opt-out of Coremetrics ' analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior on our Web site or you may choose to allow Coremetrics to analyze your behavior anonymously . Please click here to learn more about the various levels of privacy and confidentiality you can select , with respect to Coremetrics , on our site and to exercise your opt-out choices . Back to Top If you are a registered user of macys.com , you can update your information in My Account . If you have questions about your order , you may check your order status online in My Order . If you have any additional questions , please call our Customer Service department at 1.888.529.2254 . If you are an international customer , and want to access your information , please click here . The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act imposes requirements on Web sites that collect personal information about children under 13 ( for example - name , address , e-mail address , social security number , etc. )  Our policy is not to collect any personal information on any person under 13 . For this reason , our online sweepstakes , e-mail and mobile sign ups are restricted to entrants who are at least 13 . If this policy changes , macys.com will revise this portion of its notice of privacy practices and will comply with the requirements of the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act , which includes providing notice and choice to each child 's parent or guardian before collecting any personal information . Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates ' direct marketing purposes . That notice will identify the categories of personal information shared with third parties and used for direct marketing purposes and the name and address of the third parties that received such personal information . If you are a California resident and want a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the following address : Macy 's Customer Service , P.O . Box 8067 , Mason , OH 45040 . In your request , please specify that you want a " Your Macy 's California Privacy Rights Notice. "  Please allow 30 days for a response . To fill international orders , macys.com partners with Borderfree , Inc. ( formerly FiftyOne ) . Borderfree will carefully process your personal information with at least the same level of privacy protection set forth in the U.S. - EU Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and the U.S. Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles established by the U.S. Department of Commerce . Borderfree also agrees not to sell , transfer , or otherwise use your information other than for processing international shipments . When you indicate you are shipping internationally , you will be redirected to a checkout page hosted by Borderfree . On the checkout page you will be required to submit personal information to Borderfree to complete your order . Once you place your order , you will be prompted to confirm whether you would like to receive future marketing communication from macys.com . Borderfree will notify macys.com of the approval of your order , and macys.com will then ship approved orders to Borderfree . Simultaneously , Borderfree will purchase the product from us , which allows them to take title to the product ( s ) , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you . In this process , Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record . When ordering a product , you will be presented with Borderfree 's terms and conditions . You must agree to them to receive the product ( s ) you ordered . Once you agree that Borderfree may share your personal information with macys.com , that data is protected by this notice of privacy practices and you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States . We adhere to both the EU and Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles . We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce , the European Union and Switzerland that our processing of personal data is in compliance with these principles and we perform periodic self-assessments to verify ongoing compliance . macys.com is committed to resolving any customer concerns regarding their privacy . If a customer feels that their privacy may have been violated , based on the Safe Harbor Principles , macys.com will attempt to directly resolve the complaint . Any complaints that are still unresolved after these direct efforts , will be settled by arbitration administered by the International Centre for Dispute Resolution in accordance with its applicable commercial rules . International Centre for Dispute Resolution A Division of the American Arbitration Association 1101 Laurel Oak Road , Suite 100 Voorhees , NJ 08043 Phone : 856-435-6401 E-mail box : casefiling @ adr.org Customers shipping internationally who wish to contact macys.com to :  Inquire about or update their personal information Make a complaint about the collection or use of their personal information Comment on or ask questions regarding this notice Please e-mail us at internationalprivacy @ macys.com . was this answer helpful ? Print | Email other helpful answers Highlights of Macy 's , Inc . Notice of Privacy Practices Legal Notice Our Products : Product Recalls Pricing Policy for Online Merchandise Credit Card Privacy Policy 
The Home Depot values and respects the privacy of its customers and visitors . The purpose of this Privacy and Security Statement is to provide you with information about how The Home Depot collects , uses , and shares the information we collect from our customers and visitors . It also describes the choices you can make about our use of your information . Our collection efforts are designed to improve the shopping experience of our customers and to provide customers relevant information about our products , services , and promotions . About this Policy Information We Collect How Information is Collected How We Use Information Information Sharing Your Privacy Preferences Our Sites and Children Your California Privacy Rights Security Links More Questions ? Changes to this Privacy and Security Statement Our Tracking Techniques My Account Registration and Use This Privacy and Security Statement describes the privacy practices of The Home Depot , Inc. and its subsidiaries , divisions , affiliates , brands and other The Home Depot companies ( " The Home Depot " , our , or we ) . It applies to our interactions with our customers and visitors , including , but not limited to :  Use of our websites , including mobile websites Visits to our stores or attendance at one of our events Use of our applications for mobile phones , tablets or other smart devices Phone and email communications Social media interactions on our websites and other third party websites like Facebook , YouTube and Twitter Viewing our online advertisements or emails This Privacy and Security Statement does not apply to the practices of The Home Depot Canada , The Home Depot Mexico , Home Decorators Collection , or Red Beacon . The privacy policy for Canada is www.homedepot.ca/privacy . The privacy policy for Mexico is http : //www.homedepot.com.mx/comprar/es/torres/AvisodePrivacidad . The privacy policy for Home Decorators Collection is www.homedecorators.com/privacy . The privacy policy for Red Beacon is www.redbeacon.com/about/privacy . Also , this policy does not apply to third-party websites accessible through our websites . Contact information We may collect the names and user names of our customers and other visitors . Additionally , we may collect your purchase history , billing and shipping addresses , phone numbers , email addresses , and other digital contact information . We may also collect information that you provide us about others . Payment information When you make a purchase we collect your payment information , including information from your credit or debit card , check , PayPal account or gift card . If you apply for a The Home Depot credit card or a home improvement loan , we might collect information related to your application . Returns information When you return a product to our stores or request a refund or exchange , we may collect information from you and ask you to provide your government issued ID . We use the information we collect from you and capture off of your government issued ID to help prevent fraud . To learn more about our Returns Policy , click here . Demographic information We may collect information about products or services you like , reviews you submit , or where you shop . We might also collect information like your age or gender . Location information If you use our mobile websites or applications , we may collect location data obtained from your mobile device 's GPS . If you use our websites , we may collect location data obtained from your IP address . We use this location data to find our nearest store to you , product availability at our stores near you and driving directions to our stores . Other information If you use our websites , we may collect information about the browser you are using . We might track the pages you visit , look at what website you came from , or what website you visit when you leave us . We collect this information using the tracking tools described here . To control those tools , please read the Your Privacy Preferences section . We collect information directly from you . The following are a few examples of when we collect information from you :  During website or survey registration In connection with an online or in-store purchase If you use an online forum , submit a question or answer to our Product Q & A or provide us with comments or reviews If you upload a photo or other digital content through one of our websites or applications If you register for a loyalty program or apply for a The Home Depot credit card or a home improvement loan If you participate in a sweepstakes , contest , clinic or workshop If you rent equipment or vehicles or request warranty or other information If you return a product or use a rebate If you request we send you an electronic copy of your in-store receipt In connection with your interactions with us as a registered user of our websites . For example , when you use the features of our My Account tool like Express Checkout , Address Book , My Lists , My Project Guides , etc . We collect information from you passively . We may use tracking tools like browser cookies , flash cookies , and web beacons . To learn more about these tools and how you can control them , click here . We collect information from other sources . We may get information about you from third party business partners , like an updated address from a shipping vendor . We may collect information about you from a friend . For example , if your friend purchases something for us to send to you . We collect information from Affiliates of The Home Depot . We may get information about you from a company controlled by , or under common control with , The Home Depot ( our Affiliates ) . We use the information we collect for our business purposes , including : To respond to your questions and requests . Examples include : Fulfilling orders or providing services Entering you into a sweepstakes or sending you prizes you might have won Registering you for a particular website , loyalty program , or extended warranty service or providing you with information regarding such programs or services Processing a return ( to learn more about our Returns Policy , click here ) Responding to a product or service review To improve our products and services . We may use your information to make website or product and service improvements . To look at website trends and customer interests . We might use your information to customize your experience with us . We may also combine information we get from you with information about you we have received from third parties to assess trends and interests . For security purposes . We may use your information to protect our company , our customers , or our websites . For example , we might use cameras in our stores to track store traffic or our stock . For our marketing . In certain circumstances , we may send you communications about special The Home Depot promotions or offers . For example , if you have registered on a website and indicated you want to receive this information or if you gave us your information in one of our stores . We may also notify you of new website features or product and service offerings . If permitted , we may also send information about offers from our Affiliates and other companies we think you might find interesting . To manage our communications with you , follow the instructions in the Your Privacy Preferences section below . To communicate with you about your account or our relationship . We may contact you to tell you about changes to this Privacy and Security Statement , the Terms of Use of our websites or mobile applications , or changes to any of our programs in which you might be enrolled . We may also tell you about issues with your orders or if there is a product recall . For other uses we may disclose to you . We may share your information for our business purposes and as legally required or permitted , including : With third parties who perform services on our behalf . We share information with our service providers , such as our delivery service providers who ship and deliver your online orders . We might also authorize our service providers to collect information on our behalf . Some service providers may be located outside of the United States . We might also share information with the vendors and manufacturers of our products and services to respond to your reviews and questions . To offer financial products . We use service providers to offer financial products , such as The Home Depot credit card and home improvement loans . We may share personal information about our consumers with these service providers in order to provide you with tailored information about products and services and special offers . These service providers also have their own privacy statements that set out the manner in which they will collect , use and disclose personal information . We encourage you to review each service provider 's privacy statement at the time you submit your application for such financial products . To provide extended warranty services . If you purchase a The Home Depot Extended Warranty Service you will be required to provide information such as your name and address to our warranty service providers . While these service providers are limited by contract in the way they may use your information to provide The Home Depot Extended Warranty Services , we encourage you to review each service provider 's privacy statement at the time you submit your personal information for such services . Data Sharing for Catalog Mailings . We may share your name , address and transactional information about products you have purchased from our catalogs with third party companies so that you may receive future catalog offerings about products and services that may be of interest to you . If you prefer not to have your information shared with third party companies for this purpose , please see the section below entitled Your Privacy Preferences . With any successor to all or part of our business . For example , if all or part of our business is sold we may sell our customer list as part of that transaction . If we think we have to in order to comply with the law . For example , we will disclose information to respond to a court order or subpoena . We may also disclose information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it . With our business partners . For example , we might share information with one of our Affiliates or a business partner who is running a joint promotion with us or who provides a product or service in partnership with us . To protect us . For example , we will disclose information if we suspect fraud . We will also share information as part of an investigation . At your direction . For example , if you ask us to provide your information to a third-party to facilitate the resolution of a dispute . You can register or change your preferences to receive or not receive marketing communications from us by clicking www.homedepot.com/privacypreferences or emailing us . Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed . Even if you opt out of receiving marketing messages , we may still contact you for transactional purposes like confirming or following up on an order or service request , asking you to review a product or service you have ordered , or notifying you of product recalls . If you later opt back into getting marketing communications from us , we will remove your information from our opt-out databases . Registered website users can update their information at the Your Account section of our website . If you are not a registered website user , you can contact us by email . To manage how we use cookies and other tracking tools , please click here . Our websites and mobile applications are not created for children . To our knowledge we do not collect information online from children under 18 . If you are a parent or guardian and think we have information about your child , please email customercare @ homedepot.com . To learn more about how to protect your child online , visit the FTC 's www.OnGuardOnline.gov . You may also want to read the helpful information about children and privacy that the FTC provides by clicking here . If you live in California and have an established business relationship with us , you can request a list of the personal information we have shared with third parties for their marketing purposes . We will also give you a list of the third parties that have received your information . You can make a request one time each year . To exercise your rights , you can email us or write to us at the address below . Mention in your letter that you are making a " California Shine the Light " inquiry . We will respond within 30 days . When you place orders on our websites , all of your order information , including your credit card number and delivery address , is transmitted through the Internet using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology . SSL technology causes your browser to encrypt your order information before transmitting it to our secure server . SSL technology , an industry standard , is designed to prevent someone other than operators of our websites from capturing and viewing your personal information . While we use industry standard means to protect our websites and your information , the Internet is not 100 % secure . The measures we use are appropriate for the type of information we collect . We can not promise that your use of our websites or mobile applications will be completely safe . We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet . Online access to your personal information is protected with a password you select . We strongly recommend that you do not share your password . Our websites contain links to third party websites . If you click on one of those links , you will be taken to websites we do not control . This Privacy and Security Statement does not apply to the information practices of those websites . You should read the privacy policies of other websites carefully . We are not responsible for third party websites . If you have additional questions you can call us at 1-800-553-3199 , fax us at 1-877-496-9470 , or reach us by email at thdCustomerCare @ homedepot.com . You can write to us at :  The Home Depot Attention : Privacy Official Customer Care 2455 Paces Ferry Road Atlanta , GA 30339-4024 Effective Date : January 1 , 2004 Last Revision Date : March 20 , 2013 From time to time we may change our privacy policies . We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy and Security Statement by posting an updated copy on our website . Please check our website periodically for updates . Tracking Tools We Use We or our vendors use several common online tracking tools . These may include browser and flash cookies . We may also use web beacons and similar technologies . We use these tools : To track new visitors to our websites . To recognize returning customers . To store your password if you are registered on our website . To provide you with advertising content in which we think you will be interested . As part of this customization , we may observe your behaviors on this website or on other websites . We may also get information about your browsing history from our trusted business partners and vendors . So we can better understand our audience , our customers , our website visitors , and their respective interests . Controlling Our Tracking Tools Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies . How you do so depends on the type of cookie . Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies . To control flash cookies , click here . Why ? Because flash cookies can not be controlled through your browser settings . If you configure your computer to block cookies , you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our websites . Controlling Online Interest-Based Ads We sometimes work with online advertising vendors to provide you with relevant and useful ads . This may include ads served on our websites or mobile applications . This may also include ads served on other companies ' websites . These ads may be based on information collected by us or third parties . For example , information a third party collects when you register for a website , like your zip code . This might be used to target an ad for people in your area . These ads may also be based on your activities on our websites or on third party websites . To opt out of having your online behavior collected for advertising purposes , click here . My Account registration is an optional service provided by our website . You do not have to register to browse or shop online . When you register , you are asked for personal information such as your name , address , phone number , email address , and a username and password that you select . You may also optionally provide information regarding your interests and home improvement projects or register your credit cards . This information may be used to help make your online shopping quicker and easier , by pre-filling certain parts of your shopping information . 
Effective September 2013 This web site or application ( " Site " ) is owned and operated by a Sears Holdings Corporation entity or licensee . At Sears Holdings , we want to ensure that you understand what information we gather about you , how we use it , and the safeguards we have in place designed to protect it . If you have questions or would like further information on this topic , please feel free to write to our Webmaster at webmaster @ customerservice.sears.com . This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through this Site . Please note that our subsidiary Lands ' End maintains its own privacy policy . You may view Lands ' End 's privacy policy by clicking here :  Sears Holdings may update this Privacy Policy from time to time . Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes . If we make any material changes , we will notify you either by email or by means of a notice on this Site . We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices . Your use of this Site , and any disputes arising from it , are subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use and all of its dispute resolution provisions , including arbitration , class action waiver , limitation on damages and choice of law . Get answers and information about :  What Type of Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It ? What Information Do We Share and with Whom ? Can I Disable Cookies ? How Do We Handle Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Children ? What About Links to Other Sites ? Interest-Based Ads Online Advertisements Is My Information Secure ? How Can I Access My Information ? Can I " Opt-Out " of Receiving Promotional E-mails ? Where Is My Information Stored ? How May I Contact You ? We may collect personally identifiable information ( " PII " - for example , your full name , email address , mailing address , telephone number , mobile phone number or credit card number ) from you when you voluntarily submit the information to us , such as when you purchase items from us , sign up for one of our services or programs or register with our Site . We may also collect PII from you if , for example , you choose to subscribe to our email program ; participate in sweepstakes , contests , surveys , and polls ; post content or suggestions on this Site ; or use any of this Sites other features that otherwise permit you to provide information or other content . We also may collect information about you including demographic information ( such as number of household members , age , and gender ) and purchase preference information from third parties . In addition , we may collect information ( such as your interests , hobbies , lifestyle choices , groups with which you are affiliated , products you want , like or own ) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide or information on this Site . We may use the information we collect from and about you to : process and fulfill your order , notify you of your order status , and otherwise provide you with customer service ; respond to your inquiries and requests ; create an account and register you as a registered Site user ( Registered User ) and/or Shop Your Way member ( Member ) ; for marketing purposes and to send you information regarding this Site and other Sears Holdings Sites , as well as about our products , programs or services ; provide you with mobile alerts , if you have requested them ; customize your experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings Sites ; provide you with relevant products and offers ; permit you to use this Sites social networking features ; or provide you with other services . Please note that message and data fees may apply if you register for mobile alerts . We may also use the PII we collect from and about you for our business purposes , such as data analysis , audits , developing new products and services , enhancing our Sites , improving our services , personalizing your experiences , identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns . We use single sign-on services that allow you to sign into this Site using your third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook , Google or Twitter . This allows you to link your existing social network profile to your Site account . Once connected , you will be able to post content on the third-party web site from this Site and interact with your friends from the third-party site ( s ) . Any information or content that you post to the third-party site will be subject to that sites own privacy policy . This Site may also access and use available information from your third-party social network profile , such as your name , location , profile picture and information , gender , list of friends , friends profiles or postings , email address , wall postings and news feed . We may use your PII to allow you to send messages to a friend through this Site . By using this functionality , you are telling us that you are entitled to use and provide us with your friends name and email address . We may collect information about you including demographic information ( such as number of household members , age , and gender ) and purchase preference information from third parties . In addition , we may also collect information ( such as your interests , hobbies , lifestyle choices , groups with which you are affiliated , products you want , like or own ) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide or information on this Site . Some Site features may make use of your device attributes and settings that will allow our Site to determine your physical location . Such technologies may include IP address mapping , WiFi , GPS signals , cell tower positioning or other technologies . We use this information to enhance and personalize your experience and provide you with offers and services that may be of interest to you . For example , this Site may help you find your closest store or send you messages that may be of interest to you based on your current location . Sears Holdings has no control over your device settings , but we do recommend enabling location services on your device so you can take advantage of the location based features and functionality offered by this Site . Non-PII may be collected from you by means of cookies and pixel tags . Cookies are small bits of information that this Site places on your computer . We and our third party service providers use various types of cookies , local shared objects and pixel tags to identify your IP address , browser type , device characteristics , domain name , referring urls and specific links and web pages through which you click . This data is collected automatically and utilized for site operations , fraud prevention and to help us improve this Site and your overall experience . This technology also allows us to recognize you when you return to this Site and to provide you with a customized experience that we feel will be of value to you . We may use and disclose non-PII in any manner for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law . We may share your PII with members of the Sears Holdings family of businesses to provide you with products or services that you have requested , to provide you with promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you and for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy . The Sears Holdings family of businesses includes all Sears Holdings affiliates , as well as other selected third party businesses with which Sears Holdings or its affiliates have a relationship and which have agreed to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information . We do not rent or sell your PII to marketers outside the Sears Holdings family of businesses , unless you authorize us to do so . Sears Holdings may make third party applications available to you on our Sites and you may choose to authorize us to share your information with the application and its publisher . We require third parties who publish applications on our Sites to give you notice of their own privacy policy , which you should review prior to authorizing the application to access your information . We may disclose your PII to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through this Site . You may disclose your own PII on message boards , chat , profile pages , blogs and other social networking features and services to which you are able to post information and materials . Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services may be available to Site visitors and to the general public , depending on the particular service and any privacy settings in place ( such as through your profile ) . Be careful when deciding to disclose your PII , your location or any other information , on this Site . In certain circumstances , we may share your PII with service providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services , such as credit card processors or shipping agents . Our service providers must agree to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information . Unless otherwise disclosed to you , our service providers are prohibited from using your PII for their own marketing purposes . We may provide information about you , which may include PII , to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law , when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it or to respond to requests from government authorities . There may be instances when we may use or disclose your PII in order to protect or defend the legal rights , property or operations of Sears Holdings or our employees or agents ; to protect the rights , privacy , safety or security of users , members or others ; to protect against fraud ; and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain . Sears Holdings may sell , transfer and/or share PII with third parties in connection with a merger , reorganization , joint venture , assignment , spin-off , transfer or sale or disposition of all or any portion of our business , and in the event of a store closing or bankruptcy Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them , blocking them , or notifying you when such a file is stored . Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function . We may also use Flash Cookies , LSOs and other technologies to , among other things , collect and store information about your use of the Services , fraud prevention and other site operations . If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer , you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel . You can also control Flash LSOs by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions ( which may include instructions that explain , for example , how to delete existing Flash LSOs ( referred to " information " on the Macromedia site ) , how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked , and ( for Flash Player 8 and later ) how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time ) . Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications , including , potentially , Flash applications used in connection with the Services or our online content . If you do elect to disable cookies , please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings Sites . This Site is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age . In the event a Sears Holdings Site or portion thereof is directed to children under 13 , the Site will contain a Children 's Online Privacy Policy that complies with the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act . This Site may contain links to other Sites that are not owned and operated by Sears Holdings . Sears Holdings is not responsible for the privacy practices of non-affiliated Sites . You should read the privacy statements of each and every Site that collects PII . This Site may display ads from other companies . We also partner with third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf on other non-affiliated third party Sites . Some of the ads on this Site or on third party Sites may be personalized , meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on what we or the online advertising network serving the ad know about you or your computer 's browsing activity . For example , anonymous information collected across multiple Sites that you visit may enable the ad network to predict your preferences and show you ads that are most likely to be of interest to you . Please note that we do not share any information that identifies you personally with the third party service providers who serve ads on our behalf . If you do not wish to receive personalized advertising from us on other Sites , please visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out page . The Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about internet advertising companies , including information about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by their members . See http : //www.networkadvertising.org for general information about the NAI and http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp for the opt-out page . You may also visit http : //www.aboutads.info/consumers/ to learn about online behavioral advertising and how to opt-out from online behavioral ads served by some or all participating companies . If you delete your cookies , use another computer or device , or change browsers , you will need to repeat this process . In addition , opting out of interest-based ads will not opt you out of all ads , but rather only those ads that are personalized to your interests based on activities observed on web sites or mobile apps not owned and operated by Sears Holdings . We maintain reasonable and appropriate physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your PII . While we do work very hard to protect your privacy , no method of security is 100 % effective , and we can not be responsible for the actions of those who may gain unauthorized access to your PII . Sears Holdings makes no warranties , express , implied or otherwise , as to the ultimate effectiveness of its reasonable and appropriate safeguards . You can personalize your experience on this Site and other Sears Holdings Sites by becoming a Registered User or Member . By registering , you will be able to tell us what products and services interest you , and whether you wish to receive information about special sales , promotions and other events . Once registered , you can submit , review and maintain your account profile information at any time by accessing your profile from within the particular Site . Your account information is accessible by using a password that you select or by using third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook , Google or Twitter if you choose to enable this feature . From time to time , we may send you e-mails with promotional offers and messages . If you would no longer like to receive e-mails with promotional offers and messages from this Site , you can unsubscribe from these e-mails by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each promotional e-mail . Please note that you may still receive transactional or relationship or other non-promotional e-mails ( e.g. , order confirmations , shipping notices , statements , important information regarding a product you have purchased , etc. ) . Your PII may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers , and by using our Site , you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence , including the United States , which may have different data protection rules than in your country . This Site is controlled and operated by us from the United States and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at webmaster @ customerservice.sears.com . Because email communications are not always secure , please do not include credit card or other financial information , health or prescription-related information or other sensitive information in your email to us . 
Privacy Policy Last revised June 5 , 2013 Our Commitment to Privacy Gap Inc. and our brands , which include but are not limited to Gap , Banana Republic , Old Navy , Gap Outlet , Banana Republic Factory Store , Piperlime , and Athleta ( collectively , " Gap Inc. " ) , value our customers and respect your privacy . We collect information about you in our stores and through our websites in an effort to improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products , services , contests and promotions . As described in this policy , we may share your information among our brands and , under certain circumstances , with third parties that provide services on our behalf or with whom we have partnered to offer a particular product or service . For Athleta customers only , we may share your postal address and shopping history with like-minded third parties for their direct mail marketing purposes as described below . This policy describes the personal information we collect about you , why we collect it , how we use it , and when we share it with third parties . Our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use your information . If our information practices change , we will post an updated policy on our website . You can tell if the policy has changed by checking the revision date that appears above . If we change the policy in a material way , we will provide appropriate notice to you . You may exercise your choices about how we collect and use your information consistent with this policy at any time . If you have any questions about our privacy policy , please contact us as described in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below . Privacy Policy What kind of information does Gap Inc. collect ? How does Gap Inc. use my information ? Does Gap Inc. share my information ? How do I access or change my information ? How do I make choices about receiving promotional communications ? How do I stop receiving Athleta catalogs ? How does Gap Inc. protect kids ' privacy ? How does Gap Inc. use cookies and other tracking technologies ? How is my information used for behavioral or interest-based advertising ? How do I know my personal information is secure ? What is " phishing " ? I received a suspicious email from a Gap Inc. brand regarding an order I did not place . What should I do ? I responded to an online job posting for a Gap Inc. job that requires me to upload personal financial information . Is this part of your hiring process ? What about links to other websites ? How do I contact you ? Your California Privacy Rights We may collect personal information from you , such as your name , email address , postal address , phone number , credit card number , gender , birthday , personal interests , etc. , when you visit one of our websites or stores , place an order online or by phone , make an in-store purchase , save your information with us online , contact us with a question or concern , or participate in a contest , promotion , or survey . We maintain a record of your product interests and the purchases you make online or by phone and in our stores . We may combine all of this information with information about you that we acquire from our joint marketing partners , from unrelated third parties , and from our other brands . back to top We may use your personal information in the following ways : To process and fulfill your order , including to send you emails to confirm your order status and shipment To communicate with you and to send you information by email , postal mail , telephone , text message , or other means about our products , services , contests , and promotions , unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications To administer and fulfill our contests and other promotions To help us learn more about your shopping preferences To help us address problems with and improve our site design , products and services To enhance your shopping experience To analyze trends and statistics To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business To contact you if necessary You always have the choice not to receive marketing information or calls . For instructions on opting out , please see the section entitled , " How do I make choices about receiving promotional communications ? " , below . back to top We may share your personal information in the following ways : When you provide personal information to one of our Gap Inc. brands ( Gap , Banana Republic , Old Navy , Gap Outlet , Banana Republic Factory Store , Piperlime , Athleta or Intermix ) , we may share that information with our other Gap Inc. brands . If you purchase Athleta brand products through our website or by placing a catalog order by phone or mail , we may share your name , postal address , and shopping history with like-minded organizations whose privacy policies meet the Direct Marketing Association 's privacy standards , for their direct mail marketing purposes . We do not share email addresses for such purposes . We also do not share personal information about customers who only browse , email comments , request a catalog , or request email updates , or who purchase only Gap , Banana Republic , Old Navy , Gap Outlet , Banana Republic Factory Store , Piperlime , or Intermix merchandise . If you would prefer that we not share information about you with other companies , please let us know by contacting Athleta customer service as described in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below . We may share your information with our service providers who manage our customer information and perform services on our behalf , such as fulfilling promotions , sending communications to our customers , conducting surveys , etc . We do not authorize any of these service providers to make any other use or disclosure of your information . We may share your information when we team up with another company to offer or provide products , services , contests , or promotions to our customers . We may share information about you if necessary , in our good faith judgment , to comply with laws or regulations or in response to a valid subpoena , order , or government request , or to protect the rights of Gap Inc. or others . In addition , if you choose to participate in any third-party scrip , loyalty , or similar program in which a Gap Inc. brand is a participating vendor , and you authorize Gap Inc. or our credit card processor to provide information about your purchases to the company administering the program , we will share your personal information with that program . Scrip programs allow you to instruct us to divert a percentage of the amount you spend on Gap Inc. purchases to participating schools and other non-profit organizations . Loyalty programs allow you to earn " points " on purchases at Gap Inc. brands , which you may then use toward certain rewards offered by the loyalty programs in which you participate . The information you authorize us to disclose to the third-party scrip or loyalty program may include your credit card number and the date and amount of your purchase , and may also include your name and other information you have asked us to provide . Please note that once we disclose this information , the scrip or loyalty company may use and share it with others in accordance with its own privacy policy . You should review these policies carefully , as we have no control over them . In the unlikely event of a sale or merger of Gap Inc. or any of our businesses , our customers ' personal information and other information we have collected as described in this policy may be among the transferred business assets . back to top You can review and change certain personal information related to your use of our online sites ( such as your name and contact information ) . To access your information at a Gap Inc. website , simply sign in to your account using your email address and password , and you will be able to edit your personal information in your account profile . You can also ask us to update your personal information by contacting us as described in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below . Please note that any request to update your personal information may take up to 10 days for your email request and 6-8 weeks for your postal mail request . back to top Gap Inc. and our brands , including Gap , Banana Republic , Old Navy , Gap Outlet , Banana Republic Factory Store , Piperlime , and Athleta , want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us . If you prefer not to receive promotional information , such as information about special offers and sales events , from one or more of our brands , you can let us know by contacting our customer service as described in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below . Please be sure to include your full name and the email address you used when you registered with or made a purchase from the Gap Inc. brand . If you ask us to remove your name and address from promotional lists , we will maintain your name in a " do not contact " file to ensure that we can honor your request . It may take up to 10 days to process your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request , during which period you may continue to receive communications from Gap Inc . If you change your mind , you can start receiving promotional communications from us again by logging into your online account and changing your preferences , by signing up when you visit our websites or our stores or when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , or by contacting customer service . Please note that when you make an online purchase from us , we will continue to confirm your order status and shipment by email . We may also need to contact you via telephone , email or postal mail with questions or information regarding your order . back to top If you no longer wish to receive Athleta catalogs or wish to alert us to duplicate mailings , please contact Athleta customer service as described in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below . Please provide your exact name , postal address , and email address so that your request can be effectively processed . It may take up to 90 days in order for your information to be completely removed from our list . To learn more about your rights as a consumer and to receive less national advertising mail , please visit the Direct Marketing Association at http : //www.dmachoice.org/ . back to top Gap Inc. is concerned about the privacy and safety of children when they use the Internet . We will never knowingly request personally identifiable information online from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent . Our websites are general audience sites and are not targeted to or intended for use by children . back to top Our websites use " cookies , " which are small data files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website . Cookies enable you to shop on our websites and may be used in a variety of ways to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping experience . For example , we may use cookies to enable you to use certain website features , remember the items in your shopping cart , store your preferences , recognize you when you return to our website , track your orders , and monitor and maintain information about your use of our websites . Cookies may also be used to collect transaction information needed by a scrip or loyalty program to which you have authorized us to provide your personal information . ( See the section entitled , " Does Gap Inc. share my information ? " , above. )  We may also use our own cookies to help determine which of our ads are shown to you on other websites . To opt out of this targeted online advertising that utilizes our cookies , please click here . Please see the section below to learn more about behavioral or interest based online advertising that uses third party tracking technologies . You can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie , giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it . If you do not accept cookies , however , you will not be able to access your account information or make purchases on our websites . We also use " pixel tags " ( also called " web beacons " or " clear gifs " ) , which are tiny graphic images , on our websites and in our emails . Pixel tags help us analyze our customers ' online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our websites and our advertising . We work with service providers that help us track , collect , and analyze this information . Pixel tags on our sites may be used to collect information about your visit , including the pages you view , the features you use , the links you click , and other actions you take in connection with the sites . This information may include your computer 's Internet protocol ( IP ) address , your browser type , your operating system , date and time information , and other technical information about your computer . We may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before coming to our site . We do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites . Pixel tags and cookies in our emails may be used to track your interactions with those messages , such as when you receive , open , or click a link in an email message from us . We may combine the information we collect through cookies and pixel tags with other information we have collected from and about you . This information may be used to improve our websites , to personalize your online experience , to tailor our communications with you , to determine the effectiveness of our advertising , and for other internal business purposes . back to top We work with third-party companies that use tracking technologies ( including cookies and pixel tags ) on our websites in order to provide tailored advertisements on our behalf and on behalf of other advertisers across the Internet . These companies may collect information about your activity on our sites and your interaction with our advertising and other communications and use this information to determine which ads you see on third-party websites and applications . For more information about this practice and to understand your options , please visit http : //www.aboutads.info . back to top We do our best to provide you with a safe and convenient shopping experience . We have in place certain physical , electronic , contractual , and managerial safeguards to protect the security and privacy of your personal information . When you enter your personal information on our websites , we use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology to protect your information as it is transmitted to us . To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information , look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser . If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock ( depending upon your browser ) , then SSL is active . To double-check for security , look at the URL or Location line of your browser . If you have accessed a secure server , the first characters of the address in that line should change from " http " to " https. "  If for any reason you can not access the secure server , or if you 're not quite comfortable shopping online at any of our websites , please feel free to place your order with us by telephone at the number listed in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below . back to top " Phishing " is a scam designed to steal your personal information . If you receive an email that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information , do not respond . We will never request your password , user name , credit card information or other personal information through email . back to top We are aware of phony emails sent out under our brand names . These emails did not originate from Gap Inc. , and individuals who received fraudulent order status emails have not been charged . For your protection , do not click links or open any files attached to suspicious , unsolicited emails . If you believe your personal computer has been compromised as a result of the scam , please consult an IT professional . For more information , contact the FBI 's Internet Crimes Complaint Center : http : //www.ic3.gov/default.aspx . We work with law enforcement on their investigations of these kinds of fraudulent emails . back to top No . Gap Inc. does not ask prospective job applicants for information about their bank accounts , credit history or passwords to financial accounts . If you are asked for personal financial or security information in response to a job application , this is likely a fraudulent job listing hosted by spammers posing as Gap Inc. to mislead job applicants . You can validate all Gap Inc. job postings on gapinc.com/careers . Spammers also create phony aliases such as thegap-usa.com to mimic our company and/or brand names in an effort to commit identity theft or other forms of fraud . If you receive this type of suspicious email activity , please alert the FBI 's Internet Crimes Complaint Center : http : //www.ic3.gov/default.aspx back to top For your convenience and information , our websites may contain links to other sites , which may have privacy policies that differ from our own . We are not responsible for the content or practices of any linked site . We recommend that you review the privacy policy of any site that you access through our sites . back to top For questions about our privacy policy , to make choices about receiving promotional communications , to update your personal information , or to place an order , you can contact any of our Gap Inc. brands by email , telephone , or postal mail :  Gap Customer Services 5930 Gap Online Drive Groveport , OH 43195-0002 1-800-GAPSTYLE ( 1-800-427-7895 ) 1-888-906-1104 ( TDD hearing impaired ) custserv @ gap.com Banana Republic Customer Services 5900 North Meadows Drive Grove City , OH 43123-8476 1-888-BR STYLE ( 1-888-277-8953 ) 1-888-906-1345 ( TDD hearing impaired ) custserv @ bananarepublic.com Old Navy Customer Services 200 Old Navy Lane Grove City , OH 43123-8605 1-800-OLD-NAVY ( 1-800-653-6289 ) 1-800-449-4253 ( TDD hearing impaired ) custserv @ oldnavy.com Piperlime Customer Care 5900 Piperlime Lane Grove City , OH 43123 1-877-PIPERLIME ( 1-877-747-3754 ) 1-888-906-1345 ( TDD hearing impaired ) customercare @ piperlime.com Athleta Customer Services 5900 North Meadows Drive Grove City , OH 43123 1-877-3ATHLETA ( 1-877-328-4538 ) 1-888-906-1345 ( TDD hearing impaired ) custserv @ athleta.com back to top California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Gap Inc. who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . To make such a request , please write to us at the following address :  Gap Inc. - California Privacy Rights Legal Department 2 Folsom Street San Francisco , CA 94105 
Welcome to Nordstrom . As a customer of the Nordstrom family of companies , your trust is our most important asset . We take the protection and proper use of your personal information seriously and are committed to protecting your personal information in our possession . In order to preserve your trust , we want you to understand what personal information we may collect from you , how we use such information , and the choices you have regarding our use of this information . In this policy , " personal information " means any information by which you can be identified or contacted , such as your name ( first and last ) , address ( city , state , zip ) , e-mail address , telephone number , etc . This Privacy Policy governs your experience in our US stores and on this website unless otherwise indicated . We collect personal information when communicating or interacting with you through Nordstrom.com , our stores or the Nordstrom family of companies . Some examples include :  registering for a shopping account , Wish List or Product Review account on our website when you request that merchandise be sent to you or others , make purchases or returns with us , place an order with us online , via phone , mail , e-mail or fax , or request an e-receipt fulfilling orders you place and delivering packages requesting a catalog or other content and communications from us or when offering recommendations to you subscribing to Nordstrom.com E-mail Updates ( our e-mail newsletter ) or other communications from us or managing your preferences with us applying for an account with us your Financial Account numbers when transacting with us interacting with our websites or mobile sites , mobile applications and services when you participate in any of our programs such as contests , sweepstakes , surveys , loyalty programs , wedding programs etc. when you apply for employment which may include your social security number or social insurance number working with our salespeople who assist you with your fashion needs and purchases through communications with you , or through the Nordstrom family of companies contacting us with a comment , question or complaint We may also collect personal information about you from other third parties , such as demographic firms , to make our future service and marketing efforts more efficient and personalized for you . We may combine all information we collect and we may disclose this information within our corporate family of companies or our service providers . When you visit our websites we may also gather certain information automatically and store it in log files . This information may include Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses or other device identifiers , browser information , Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , operating system , location , date/time stamp and clickstream data . We use the personal information that we collect to conduct our business and to provide you with the best possible products , services and experience . We may collect and use your information to provide you products and services , notify you of product recalls or safety issues , process and respond to your application for current or future career opportunities , process membership requests when you apply or otherwise administer your participation in our programs , to respond to your comments , questions or complaints , determine your satisfaction with our programs and service , to personalize your experiences , if you ask us to , send you marketing communications and other information you have chosen to receive regarding our products , services , marketing or special events . We also use your personal information for our everyday business purposes such as payment processing , analytics , fraud prevention , reporting , making back-ups and legal compliance . To best serve you , we may share your personal information with other members of the Nordstrom family of companies and with service providers that provide support services to us or that help us market our products and services , administer our programs , operations , fulfill your requests , surveys , contests , sweepstakes and product reviews , or provide you with membership information . Service providers , third parties who perform services on our behalf , are contractually restricted from using your information in any manner other than in helping us to provide you with the products and services available from Nordstrom . We may also , in certain instances , disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify you , contact you , to advise you of a product recall , detect and protect you or us from fraud , manage information security or bring legal action to protect your rights or the rights of Nordstrom or others . We may also disclose your personal information when you ask us to do so or when we believe it is required or permitted by law . One of our most valuable tools we have for building and maintaining our relationship with you is Personal Book . It allows us to better serve you in a number of ways , including keeping you informed on when your alterations , repairs , or your favorite brands or product will arrive , and notifying you about sales , special appearances and store events or promotions of interest to you . To best serve you , we record and access information in Personal Book , including your name , address , telephone numbers , e-mail address , interests , privacy preferences and purchase history . All Nordstrom Salespeople are expected to use Personal Book in an ethical and appropriate manner . This includes only entering accurate customer information , voluntarily given by you to the Salesperson , for the specific purpose of entering it into Personal Book or any other Nordstrom-approved data device . Personal Book allows our Salespeople to follow through on our commitment to serving you in a professional manner , and we are dedicated to ensuring that the information you provide is protected and secure . Personal Book is the property of Nordstrom and may be used for Nordstrom-related purposes only . Nordstrom offers mobile applications ( commonly known as " apps " ) that allow you to shop online , check product availability , learn about store events , or receive other information from Nordstrom . All personal information collected by Nordstrom via our mobile application is protected by this Privacy Policy . Although you do not have to provide your location information to Nordstrom to use our mobile applications , our store-specific services such as find-an-item require a zip code to function . You may manually enter a zip code and we will save your zip code ( s ) for future reference . Alternatively , when you download our mobile application , you may choose to allow it to obtain your precise location from your mobile device when you click the " near me " button . In this case , we will determine your zip code from the precise location data received from your mobile device . We do not store precise location data ; we only store the zip code associated with the location . We may also update our mobile applications to offer automatic ( or " push " ) notifications . We will provide push notifications only to those customers who opt-in to receive such notifications from Nordstrom . If you have questions about location and notification privacy , please contact your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of you device to learn how to adjust your settings . In the future , we may offer updated or enhanced versions of our mobile applications that include additional features created by us or using third party functionality . Our applications or the third party may automatically collect information about your precise location from your device , but only if you allow it . Our website uses " cookie " and " web beacon " technology . We use cookies and web beacons to identify your device , provide website user authentication , conduct fraud prevention and management services , distinguish you from other visitors , record your IP address and understand your use of our site , and identify the name of the Web site from which you linked to Nordstrom . This information is used for fulfilling contracts with our business partners , and to help us serve you better by improving our website design , as well as our products , services , and promotions . We do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites . Information obtained through cookies and web beacons may be shared with or obtained by service providers on our behalf . More information is available under Third-Party Advertising Partners . A cookie is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a website . A " session cookie " expires immediately when you end your session ( i.e. , close your browser ) . A " persistent cookie " stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same website at a later date , the cookie information is still available . A web beacon is a small string of code that represents a clear graphic image and is used in conjunction with a cookie . When you visit our website , we may use both a session and a persistent cookie . This Nordstrom-placed cookie may contain information ( such as a unique user ID ) that is used to track your usage of our website and in some cases , your e-mail address . Your e-mail address is only saved in this Nordstrom-placed cookie if you register with us . A web beacon allows us to capture certain additional types of information about a visitor 's actions on a web site , such as a visitor 's cookie number , the time , date , duration and number of page views , a description of the page where the Web beacon is placed , and details about any items that were purchased . If you register with us , this Nordstrom-placed cookie allows us to recognize you when you return to our website and provides you with access to your account information . If you save your information with or order from us , we may also use cookies to monitor and maintain information about your use of our website . If you have not saved your information with or ordered from us , we may monitor and maintain information about your use of our website in a manner that does not identify you . You can disable cookies at any time by using your browser options ; however , if you turn off cookies , we will not be able to track your order or enable you to make a purchase from our website . In addition , we will not be able to recognize you as a registered user to allow you access to your account information . We may use Flash Cookies ( also known as Local Stored Objects ) or other similar technologies . A Flash cookie is a small data file placed on a computer using Adobe Flash technology that may be built into your computer or downloaded by you to your computer . We use these technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience , facilitate processes , personalize and store your settings . Flash cookies may help our website visitors to , for example , set volume preference associated with a video experience , play games and perform surveys . They help us improve our sites by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to customers . We do not use Flash cookies for marketing or behavioral targeting purposes . Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and the cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies . Learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies . If you disable Flash cookies or other similar technologies , please be aware that you may not have access to certain features and services that make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable . We use third-party service providers to serve advertisements ( banners or links ) on our behalf across the Internet . These service providers may collect non-identifiable information about your visits to our website , and your interaction with our products and services . Such non-identifiable information is anonymous and does not include your name , address , e-mail address or other personal information . The anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag ( also known as cookies and action tags ) , which is industry-standard technology used by most major websites . In addition to the anonymous information about your visits to our website , our service providers may also use the anonymous information about your visits to other websites to target advertisements for products and services available from Nordstrom . Currently , we use third party-placed tracking pixels and cookies from the following advertising delivery partner : TellApart . In the future we may partner with other companies to provide interest-based advertising , both on and off Nordstrom.com . If this occurs , Nordstrom provides you with an opportunity to opt out when these advertisements are served . You may manage your third-party advertising preferences by clicking here . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices for not having this anonymous information used by third-party service providers , please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp We may display interest-based ads to you when you are using Facebook through a tool offered by Facebook called the Custom Audience Tool . This tool allows us to personalize our ads based on your shopping experience with us . We do not share any of your personal information , including your shopping history , with Facebook . The tool lets Nordstrom convert your e-mail address to a unique number that Facebook uses to match to unique numbers Facebook generates from e-mail addresses of its users . You may opt-out of Facebook Custom Audience ads from Nordstrom by clicking here . Nordstrom invites you to socialize and share your fashion inspiration , finds and purchases with your friends using Social Media tools such as Facebook , Twitter , Pinterest and Instagram . If you choose to use these tools , you may be sharing certain profile elements , including your comments . This sharing is subject to each social media program 's privacy policies . We also use Facebook Social Plugins to allow Facebook to share information and friends ' activities with its members while they are on our website . For example , Social Plugins allow Facebook to show you and your friends ' " Likes " on our product pages if you are logged into Facebook while shopping at Nordstrom.com . Nordstrom does not receive or control any of the content from Facebook Social Plugins . To remove a Facebook " Like " through Nordstrom , place your cursor in the " grayed out " Like button and click on the " X " that appears . This removes the " Like " from your Facebook Page , as well as from Nordstrom 's websites . You can also delete comments made while at Nordstrom.com from your Facebook Page . For more information about Facebook Social Plugins and other social media tools , click here . We may allow you to sign in to your Nordstrom.com account using Facebook Connect . If you choose to do this , we may collect information necessary to facilitate social interactions such as friend lists , birthday , check-ins , basic profile information and your profile picture but only if the privacy settings you and your friends set within Facebook allow it . We will use the information we collect to create and facilitate an interactive social experience and to bring you products , services and programs from Nordstrom . Nordstrom will always comply both with its privacy policy as well as with Facebook Connect terms regarding use of Facebook profile information . Websites provided by the Nordstrom family of companies may include links to other Internet sites , content , or videos ( embedded or direct links ) maintained by third parties ( 'Linked Sites ' ) . Nordstrom provides Linked Sites to you solely as a convenience , and the inclusion of Linked Sites does not imply endorsement by Nordstrom of the Linked Sites . You access Linked Sites at your own risk and by accessing them you leave Nordstrom 's website . Linked Sites are not under the control of Nordstrom and Nordstrom is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site , including the privacy policies or tracking technologies they may use . We encourage you to check the applicable privacy policy to determine how they will handle any personally identifying information they collect from you . To update us with your preferences , you may contact us using one of the following methods : Call 1-866-554-6591 , or E-mail privacy @ nordstrom.com , or Send your request to Nordstrom Privacy , PO Box 21986 , Seattle , WA 98111 Please note your preference as stated below : " I prefer not to receive e-mail advertisements , such as updates regarding products and services , special promotions or upcoming events. "  ( You may also click the designated link at the bottom of all Nordstrom.com e-mail advertisements to be removed from future e-mail updates. )  " I prefer not to receive direct mail advertisements , such as periodic catalogs and mailings regarding products and services , special promotions or upcoming events. "  ( Please note that direct mail requests may take up to six to eight weeks to become effective. )  " I prefer not to receive marketing phone calls such as special events , special appearances , or promotions or new product arrivals from my salesperson or the company. "  To update your Wish List privacy settings , you may select " Private " ( not searchable ) to protect your Wish List information from being publicly searched on our site or you may select " Public " ( searchable ) . To protect your privacy , we initially set your Wish List account to a " Private " setting . We respect your need to be able to access and update the personal information that you have provided to us . If you have registered online , you may access and update your personal information at any time by logging into your account . You may also request access and update your personal information by e-mail or writing to the Nordstrom Privacy Office at the contact information set out below ( subject to certain exceptions and as prescribed by law ) . We may request certain personal information to verify the identity of the individual seeking access to their personal information records . California law entitles residents to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or with corporate affiliates ( such as Nordstrom Bank , and HauteLook ) for those entities direct marketing purposes . Nordstrom does not provide any personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes . If you want to request a notice or have any questions about Nordstrom privacy practices , please contact us at privacy @ nordstrom.com . Nordstrom will never knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent . If you are under 13 years old please do not provide your information on our website . If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to Nordstrom for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent , we will delete his or her information from our files . We maintain physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of personal information transmitted to us using this website . To help guard your information , our website uses Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) . SSL encrypts your credit card number , name and address so only Nordstrom is able to decode your information . Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information . To be sure your connection is secure , look at the bottom status bar of your browser window . If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock ( depending on your browser ) the SSL is active and your information is secure . Most browsers offer additional security alerts as well . If for some reason you are unable to connect to our secure server , please call us toll free at 1-888-282-6060 . We also ask customers to carefully review their accounts and immediately report any unexpected activity to Nordstrom and their issuing bank or credit card company . Additionally , we are asking all our customers to take measures to help protect personal information in their online accounts , including the following :  Install the latest security updates and anti-virus software on your computer to help prevent malware and viruses Reset your e-mail account password Use complex passwords ( a minimum of 7 alpha/numeric cAsE sEnsitive characters ) Do not use the same password on more than one website Do not share your password with others Sign out/log off website sessions so that your session is closed and can not be accessed by another user on the same computer , especially when using a public computer or terminal Visit these additional resources : http : //www.us-cert.gov/cas/tips/ http : //www.microsoft.com/security/pc-security/protect-pc.aspx http : //www.clarkhoward.com/news/clark-howard/technology/clark-howards-virus-spyware-and-malware-protection/nFZJ/ You may come in contact with websites , e-mails or texts that try to lure you into providing personal information with the offer of a Nordstrom gift card . Nordstrom does not sponsor these offers nor are we affiliated with the promotion originators . If you become aware of any potentially fraudulent activity on a website or in an e-mail or text , please forward the information to onlinefraud @ nordstrom.com or call us at 1-888-282-6060 so that we can follow up . We take these matters , and the protection of our customers ' sensitive information , very seriously . View our Fraud Alerts page . Nordstrom and its third party service providers may process or store your personal information outside of the United States or Canada and other countries . In accordance with the laws of those countries , in certain circumstances your personal information may be accessible by foreign law enforcement , regulatory bodies or other authorities . For more information of our use of foreign service providers please contact us as described below . Protecting the privacy and security of Nordstrom customer information is a top priority for Nordstrom . In some cases , Nordstrom partners with outside vendors to help facilitate transactions . When that is the case , we work closely with the vendor to ensure that the transaction is appropriately handled and all the information you provide is treated with the utmost care . To sell and fulfill online purchases that customers choose to ship internationally , Nordstrom partners with Borderfree , Inc . ( " Borderfree " ) . We have contracted with Borderfree to assure that they will carefully process your personal information , with at least the same level of privacy protection set forth in the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles as established by the U.S. Department of Commerce and approved by the European Commission . Borderfree also agrees not to sell , transfer , or otherwise use your information other than for executing international shipping orders . When you identify your Nordstrom.com order as being shipped internationally , Nordstrom will facilitate your secure Checkout transaction with Borderfree . On the Checkout page you will be required to submit credit card and personal information ( name , billing address , shipping address , e-mail address and phone number ) to Borderfree to complete your order . Once you place your order , you will be prompted to confirm whether you would like to receive future marketing communication from Nordstrom . Upon completion of your order , Borderfree will notify Nordstrom of the approval of your order , and Nordstrom will then ship approved orders to Borderfree . Simultaneously , Borderfree will purchase the product from us , which allows them to take title to the product ( s ) , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you . In this process , Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record . When ordering a product , you will be presented with Borderfree 's terms and conditions to which you must agree in order to receive the product ( s ) you ordered . Once you have agreed that Borderfree may share your data collected from their page with Nordstrom , that data is protected by the Nordstrom Privacy Policy . Any personal information you provide directly to Nordstrom while on Nordstrom.com is controlled and processed by Nordstrom , PO Box 21986 , Seattle , WA 98111-3986 . Any personal information provided at Checkout is controlled and processed by Borderfree , 55 West 39th Street , 18th Floor , New York , New York 10018 . If you choose to provide Nordstrom with personal information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States . Nordstrom adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles as established by the U.S. Department of Commerce and approved by the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection Authority . We conduct an annual self-assessment to verify that we are in compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles in addition to our own Nordstrom privacy program assessments . Nordstrom has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union that our processing of personal data is in compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles , as has Borderfree . For more information about the Safe Harbor , visit the Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor website . While the Safe Harbor Principles are designed to protect personal information originating in the European Economic area and Switzerland , our policy is to protect all international customer information in accordance with these Principles . Customers shipping internationally who wish to inquire about or update personal information or change marketing preferences , or anyone who wants to receive information about our international privacy program should contact us directly using one of the following methods :  Send an e-mail to intl_privacy @ nordstrom.com , or Call our international privacy customer line at 206-233-5678 , or Write us at Nordstrom International Privacy , PO Box 21986 , Seattle , WA 98111-3986 In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles , Nordstrom commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information . European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Nordstrom using one of the following methods :  Send an e-mail to intl_privacy @ nordstrom.com , or Call our international privacy customer line at 206-233-5678 , or Write us at Nordstrom International Privacy , PO Box 21986 , Seattle , WA 98111-3986 Nordstrom has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus . If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint , or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by Nordstrom , please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint . To access the Nordstrom In-Store Prosthesis Privacy Policy click here . Canada Privacy Policy To access the Nordstrom Canada Privacy Policy click here . Careers Privacy For more information about our Careers Privacy Policy click here . Business Transitions As we continue to develop our business , we may undergo a business transition such as acquiring another company , merging with an existing company , or selling a portion of our assets . In such transitions , customer information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party . In the unlikely event that Nordstrom , Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired or enter a court proceeding , you acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that your personal information can continue to be used as set forth in this Privacy Policy . Policy Changes This policy replaces all previous disclosures we may have provided you about our information practices . We reserve the right to change this policy , and to apply any changes to information previously collected , as permitted by law . If there are material changes to this policy or our information practices change in the future , we will notify you by posting the policy changes on our website . Additional Information If you 're not comfortable shopping online ( and would prefer to make your purchase via telephone ) , just give us a call at 1-888-282-6060 . Our Customer Service Representatives will be happy to assist you . For your convenience , Nordstrom may link to unaffiliated third party websites . This Privacy Policy does not apply to unaffiliated third party websites . If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy please contact us at :  Nordstrom Privacy PO Box 21986 Seattle , WA 98111-3986 1-866-554-6591 privacy @ nordstrom.com HauteLook 1212 S. Flower Street , Suite # 300 Los Angeles , CA 90015 1-888-547-8438 membercare @ hautelook.com The examples contained in this Privacy Policy are illustrations only , and are not intended to be exhaustive . 9/20/2013 
Zappos.com 's Privacy Policy Shop With Confidence ! Protecting Your Personal Information Privacy Policy Last updated : January 1 , 2013 . To see what has changed , click here . Thank you for accessing the Zappos.com Website ( Site ) operated by Zappos IP , Inc . We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information . To learn more , please read this Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use and ( under certain conditions ) disclose your personal information . This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information . Finally , this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection , use and disclosure of your personal information . By visiting the Site directly or through another site , you accept the practices described in this Policy . This privacy policy applies to the Site . This privacy policy does not necessarily apply to any offline collection of your personal information . Please see below for details . We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any web site not operated by Zappos IP , Inc. to which the Site links or that links to the Site . 1 . Information Collection . We collect information from you in several different ways on this Site . One goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient , meaningful , and customized experience . For example , we can use your personal information to :  help make the Site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once . help you quickly find information , products , and services . help us create content that is most relevant to you . alert you to new information , products , and services that we offer . ( a ) Registration and Ordering . Before using certain parts of any Site or ordering products , you must complete an online registration form . During registration , you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information , including but not limited to your name , shipping and billing address ( es ) , phone number , email address , and credit card number . If you have elected to use the Bill Me Later payment method , you will have to provide the last four ( 4 ) digits of your social security number and your birth date . We use this information solely to facilitate the Bill Me Later transaction and will not store or keep this information in our files . In addition , we may also ask you for your country of residence and/or your organization 's country of operation , so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations , and for your gender . These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes , to fulfill your orders , to communicate with you about your order and the Sites , and for internal marketing purposes . If we encounter a problem when processing your order , your personal information may be used to contact you . ( b ) Email Addresses . Several locations of the Site permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to : to register for a contest or sweepstakes ; to request us to notify you of new brands , new product styles , or product sizes ; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers ; or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest . Your participation in a contest or sweepstakes is completely voluntary , so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to us . We use this information to notify contest and sweepstakes winners and to award prizes . We may post on the Site the names and cities of contest and sweepstakes winners . By entering a contest or sweepstakes , you may be opting in to receive our email newsletter and special offers and this will be disclosed in the official rules governing the contest or sweepstakes . ( c ) Cookies and Other Technology . Like many sites , the Site employs cookies and web beacons ( also known as clear GIF technology or action tags ) to speed your navigation of the Site , recognize you and your access privileges , and track your Site usage . ( i ) Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer 's hard drive . Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies . You can set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive , but if you do , you will not be able to access or use portions of the Site . We have to use cookies to enable you to select products , place them in an online shopping cart , and to purchase those products . If you do this , we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase . THE SITE 'S COOKIES DO NOT AND CANNOT INFILTRATE A USER 'S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER 'S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION . Our cookies are not spyware . ( ii ) Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on the Site has been viewed and , if so , how many times . For example , any electronic image on the Site , such as an ad banner , can function as a web beacon . ( iii ) We may use third-party advertising companies to help tailor site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf . These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness ( such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount ) . Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any personal information collected by us . ( iv ) As an example , Facebook collects certain information via cookies and web beacons to determine which web pages are visited or what products are purchased . Please note that any information collected by Facebook via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any customer 's personal information collected by us . ( d ) Log Files . As is true of most web sites , the Site server automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access the Site . We may also log your Internet protocol ( IP ) address , Internet service provider , and date/time stamp for system administration , order verification , internal marketing , and system troubleshooting purposes . ( An IP address may indicate the location of your computer on the Internet. )  ( e ) Age . We respect children 's privacy . We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13 . Elsewhere on the Site , you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian . If you are under the age of 13 , please do not submit any personal information to us , and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you . ( f ) Product Reviews . You may choose to submit a product review . If you post a review , we will ask for your email address and geographic location . If you submit a review , your geographic location will be visible to other users ( your email address will be kept private ) . Also , any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the Site . We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review . We believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information . ( g ) Bizrate Reviews . Bizrate.com is an independent company that permits shoppers to rate their experiences in visiting and shopping at online stores . After placing an order on the Site , you may receive the opportunity to provide feedback on your experience . This choice is optional and will not affect your order or service from us , whether or not you choose to provide feedback . Your feedback is collected by Bizrate.com , not us , and is governed by their privacy policy , available at http : //shop.bizrate.com/content/privacy.html . 2 . Information Use and Disclosure . ( a ) Internal Use . We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service . We may internally use your personal information to improve the Sites ' content and layout , to improve outreach and for our own marketing efforts ( including marketing our services and products to you ) , and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to the Site . In order to facilitate such use and the other use described in this Section 2 , we may share your information with affiliates under Zappos.com , Inc. 's control . ( b ) Communications with You : We will use your personal information to communicate with you about the Site and your orders and deliveries . Also , we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us . We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary ( for example , if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance. )  Also , you may submit your email address for reasons such as to register for a contest or sweepstakes ; to request us to notify you of new brands , new product styles , or product sizes ; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers ; or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest . If you submit your email address , we use it to deliver the information to you . We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails ( see the opt out section , below , for more details ) . Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place , you can not opt out of receiving emails related to your orders . ( c ) External Use . We want to provide you with excellent service and to offer you a great selection . We do not sell , rent , trade , license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to anyone other than to affiliates under Zappos.com , Inc. 's control , except that :  ( i ) As do most catalog and Internet retailers , we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf . When we disclose information to these service providers , we disclose information to help them to perform their service . For example , in order to deliver products to you , we must share some information . We partner with third parties ( such as the U.S. Postal Service , United Parcel Service , and Federal Express ) to ship products , to ensure delivery , and so that we can obtain feedback , improve the quality of our service , and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party . In the example of shippers , we provide them some personally identifiable information such as your name , shipping address , email , and phone number . ( ii ) Similarly , to help you buy products and provide customer service to you , we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers . When we submit your credit card number for authorization , we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information . ( More on this below in Data Security. )  ( iii ) In the event you have elected to use the Bill Me Later payment method , to help you buy products and provide customer service to you , we must provide the last four ( 4 ) digits of your social security number and your birth date to the financial-services corporations processing your transaction . When you submit this information to us for approval and authorization , we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information . ( iv ) We may disclose such information in response to requests from law enforcement officials conducting investigations ; subpoenas ; a court order ; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law . We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights , enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements , or to protect ourselves or others . For example , we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use the Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud . ( v ) We will not sell ( or trade or rent ) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business . However , it 's possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets . If that happens , your personal information may be disclosed to another company , but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect . ( vi ) We may share non-personal information ( such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page , or the size of an order placed on a certain date ) with third parties such as advertising partners . This information does not directly personally identify you or any user . ( vii ) We may publicly disclose the name , city , and state of the contest and sweepstakes winners . The Site incorporates physical , electronic , and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information , including Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) for all financial transactions through the Site . We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online , and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities . Access to your personal information is restricted . Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information . Finally , we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware . We believe that their security procedures are adequate . For example , when you visit the Site , you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment , behind a locked cage and an electronic firewall . While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information , we can not guarantee complete security . 100 % complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline . Upon your request , we will ( a ) correct or update your personal information ; ( b ) stop sending emails to your email address ; and/or ( c ) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account . You can make these requests at the customer information section of the Site http : //www.zappos.com/cs.zhtml , or by telephoning , or emailing your request to Zappos.com 's Customer Loyalty Team 1-800-943-1633 or :  cs @ zappos.com Please do not email your credit-card number or other sensitive information . As you might expect from us , the majority of information that we collect is obtained through the Site , and this Privacy Policy applies only to that online collection of personal information . We also may collect information offline , where we also try to protect the privacy of your personal information . One example involves someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions . When someone calls , we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place the order or to answer the question . When we need to store information ( such as order information ) , we will enter it into our database through SSL encryption . ( See the Data Security section above for more information ) . Another example involves faxes . If you fax something to us , we will act upon the fax and then either store it a locked repository or we will shred the fax if there is no need to retain the information . There are other ways we could learn of personal information offline ( for example , we suppose someone could send us a letter including some return address information ) , and this Policy does n't discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses . As we mentioned , we will try to treat offline collection , uses , and disclosures consistently with our relevant online practices . If we change or update this Privacy Policy , we will post changes and updates on the Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect , use and disclose . We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated . If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy , please contact us at 1-800-943-1633 or cs @ zappos.com . Effective January 1 , 2013 Go to the Homepage Have questions ? The Zappos Customer Loyalty Team ( ZCLT ) is happy to help ! Call ZCLT 24 hours a day - 365 days a year :  1-800-927-7671 or Email Zappos Customer Loyalty Team 
Overstock.com Privacy and Security Policy Overstock.com , Inc . ( Overstock.com , Overstock , we , us , or our as appropriate ) has created the following Privacy and Security Policy ( Privacy Policy ) to inform you of the following : what information we collect , when we collect it , how and why we collect it , how we use it , how we protect it , how we share it and what choices you have regarding our collection and use of this information . This Privacy Policy applies to the following sites : http : //www.overstock.com , http : //www.o.info , and http : //www.o.biz ( collectively and individually , the Sites ) . Entering the Sites constitutes your acceptance and agreement to the terms contained in this Privacy Policy . If you do not agree with the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy , please do not enter the Sites . Types of Information We Collect Your name Your billing and delivery address Your e-mail address Your phone ( or mobile ) number Your credit/debit card number Information on how you are using the Sites Your purchase/return/exchange information We Collect Information When You purchase , order , return , exchange or request information about our products and services from the Sites or mobile applications . You create an Overstock.com account You connect with Overstock.com regarding customer service via our customer service center , or on social media platforms . You visit the Sites or participate in interactive features of the Sites or mobile applications . You use a social media service , for example , Overstock.com 's Facebook page or YouTube channel . You sign up for e-mails , mobile messages , or social media notifications from Overstock.com . You enter a contest or sweepstakes , respond to one of our surveys , or participate in a focus group . You provide us with comments , suggestions , or other input You interact with any of the Sites through your computer , tablet or mobile device Technologies Used We may use tracking pixels/web beacons , cookies and or other technologies to receive and store certain types of information . This information includes Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser information , Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , operating system , date/time stamp and clickstream data . This information helps us customize your website experience and make our marketing messages more relevant . It also allows us to provide features such as storage of items in your cart between visits . This includes Overstock.com content presented on other websites or mobile applications . In order to provide the best customer experience possible , we also use this information for reporting and analysis purposes , such as how you are shopping our website , performance of our marketing efforts , and your response to those marketing efforts . Third Party Cookies We allow third-party companies to collect anonymous information when you visit the Sites and to use that information to serve ads for Overstock.com products or services or for products or services of other companies when you visit the Sites or other websites . These companies may use anonymous information ( e.g. , navigational , non-personally identifiable information , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over , etc. )  during your visits to the Sites and other websites in order to provide advertisements about our goods and services likely to be of interest to you . These parties may use a cookie or a third party web beacon , or other technologies , to collect this information . To opt out of third-party vendors ' cookies , see the What Choices Do You Have ? section of this privacy policy for instruction how to do so . User Experience Information In order to improve customer online shopping experience , help with fraud identification , and to assist our customer care representatives in resolving issues customers may experience in completing online purchases , we use tools to monitor certain user experience information , including , but not limited to , login information , IP address , data regarding pages visited , specific actions taken on pages visited ( e.g. , information entered during checkout process ) , and browser information . Information from Other Sources We may also obtain information from companies that can enhance our existing customer information to improve the accuracy and add to the information we have about our customers ( e.g. , adding address information ) . This may improve our ability to contact you and improve the relevancy of our marketing by providing better product recommendations or special offers that we think will interest you . Public Forums Any information you submit in a public forum ( e.g. , a blog , chat room , or social network ) can be read , collected , or used by us and other participants , and could be used to personalize your experience . You are responsible for the information you choose to submit in these instances . Mobile Privacy Overstock.com offers mobile applications ( commonly known as " apps " ) that allow you to shop online , check product availability , learn about sales events , or receive other information from Overstock . All information collected by Overstock.com via our mobile application is protected by this Privacy Policy . Although you do not have to provide your location information to Overstock.com to use our mobile applications , our services require a zip code to function . If you have questions about location and notification privacy , please contact your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of you device to learn how to adjust your settings . Product and Service Fulfillment Fulfill and manage purchases , orders , payments , returns/exchanges , or requests for information , or to otherwise serve you Provide any requested services Administer sweepstakes and contests Marketing Purposes Deliver coupons , mobile coupons , newsletters , receipt messages , e-mails , and mobile messages Send marketing communications and other information regarding products , services and promotions Administer promotions Internal Operations Improve the effectiveness of the Sites , mobile experience , and marketing efforts Conduct research and analysis , including focus groups and surveys Perform other business activities as needed , or as described elsewhere in this policy Fraud Prevention To prevent fraudulent transactions , monitor against theft and otherwise protect our customers and our business Legal Compliance To assist law enforcement and respond to subpoenas Security Methods We maintain technical , administrative , physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us . To guard this information , the Sites use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) . SSL encrypts your credit card number , name and address so only Overstock.com is able to decode the information . E-mail Security Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information . " Phishing " is a scam designed to steal your information . If you receive an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking you for certain information , do not respond . Though we might ask you your name , we will never request your password , credit card information or other information through e-mail . Information About Children We recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved . We are committed to protecting children 's privacy and we comply fully with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) . Overstock.com will never knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent . If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to Overstock.com , for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent , we will delete his or her information from our files . Additional Security We also ask customers to carefully review their accounts and immediately report any unexpected activity to Overstock.com and their issuing bank or credit card company . We are asking all our customers to take measures to help protect information in their online accounts , including the following : Install the latest security updates and anti-virus software on your computer to help prevent malware and viruses Reset your e-mail account passwords frequently Use complex passwords ( a minimum of 7 alpha/numeric cAsE sEnsitive characters ) Do not use the same password on more than one website Do not share your password with others Sign out/log off website sessions so that your session is closed and can not be accessed by another user on the same computer , especially when using a public computer or terminal General Policy We do not sell or rent customer information to third parties ; except , under limited circumstances outlined below , we may share information with third parties . The Overstock Family We share information we collect within the Sites and Overstock.com family , which includes all Overstock.com subsidiaries and affiliates . The Overstock.com family may use this information to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you . Service Providers We may share information with companies that provide support services to us ( such as a printer , e-mail , mobile marketing , or data enhancement provider ) or that help us market our products and services . These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions . These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose . Legal Requirements We may disclose information you provide to us when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law ; to enforce or apply applicable terms and conditions and other agreements ; or to protect the rights , property or safety of our company , our customers or others . When You Direct Us At your direction or request , we may share your information . Business Transfers If some or all of our business assets are sold or transferred , we generally would transfer the corresponding information regarding our customers . We also may retain a copy of that customer information . E-mail Promotional E-mail If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us , click here . You also have the ability to unsubscribe to promotional e-mails via the opt-out link included in each e-mail . It may take up to 10 business days before you stop receiving promotional e-mails . Important Notices and Transactional E-mail From time to time , we may send non-commercial electronic email messages with important information about us or the Sites to your email address . We regularly send email order confirmations and email order updates to you after you have submitted an order . Mobile We may distribute mobile coupons and text messages to mobile devices of customers who have requested this information via an opt-in request . Customers will be able to opt out of a specific mobile messaging campaign . Overstock.com Cookies The help function of your browser should contain instructions to set your computer to accept all cookies , to notify you when a cookie is issued , or to not receive cookies at any time . If you set your computer to not receive cookies at any time , certain personalized services can not be provided to you , and accordingly , you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the Overstock.com features . Third Party Cookies To opt-out of third-party vendor 's cookies on other websites , visit the Network Advertising Initiative website , click here http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ . Telephone If you do not wish to receive promotional communication from us , call us at ( 800 ) 843-2446 to opt out . This opt out does not apply to operational communication , for example , confirmation of delivery address . In order to keep your information accurate and complete , you can access or update some of your information in the following ways : If you have created an Overstock.com account , you can log in and update your account information , including contact , billing , and shipping information . o Contact us with your current contact information and the information you would like to access . We will provide you the information requested if reasonably available , or will describe more fully the types of information we typically collect . This privacy policy applies to all current or former customer information collected by or provided to Overstock . The Sites may offer links to other sites . If you visit one of these sites , you may want to review the privacy policy on that site . In addition , you may have visited our website through a link or a banner advertisement on another site . In such cases , the site you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link . You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information . In some cases , Overstock.com has partnered with companies [ e.g. , FiftyOne , Inc. , who does business under the name FiftyOne , and PayPal , Inc . ( PayPal ) , collectively , Vendors ] as outside vendors that we have selected to help us facilitate international transactions . We work closely with these Vendors to ensure that your transaction is handled with care and all the information you provide is secure . As an international customer , when you click on the checkout button , you will be redirected to a checkout page hosted by FiftyOne to complete your order . On the checkout page , you will be required to select a method of payment and submit credit card and other information to FiftyOne to complete your order . On the checkout page , you will be presented with FiftyOne 's terms and conditions which you must agree to in order to complete your order . Upon completion and approval of your order by FiftyOne , FiftyOne will notify us of the approval and we will process your order and cause it to be shipped directly to FiftyOne . In this process , FiftyOne will purchase those items in your order from us , thereby taking title to the items , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the delivery of your order . In this process , FiftyOne makes the sale to you as the merchant of record , but we are legally obligated to deliver your order as set forth in our Terms and Conditions . If you have questions about your order , you should direct them to us and not to FiftyOne . The Vendors may give you the opportunity to receive marketing messages from them , in which case you should refer to their terms and conditions for details about how they use your information . The Vendors have assured us that they will process information received from you with at least the same level of privacy protection as set forth in the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of information from European Union member countries and Switzerland . If you choose to provide us and/or the Vendors with information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on servers located in the United States . Any information you provide us is controlled and processed by Overstock.com , Inc. , 6350 South 3000 East , Salt Lake City , Utah 84121 , USA or its suppliers ( where indicated herein ) . As mentioned herein , your information provided at checkout will be controlled and processed a Vendor . Overstock.com complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as established by the U.S. Department of Commerce and approved by the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection Authority . We conduct an annual self-assessment to verify that we are in compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles in addition to our own Overstock privacy program assessments . Overstock.com has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union that our processing of personal data is in compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles . For more information about the Safe Harbor program , and to view our certification page , visit the Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor website . While the Safe Harbor Principles are designed to protect information originating in the European Economic area and Switzerland , our policy is to protect all international customer information in accordance with these Principles . Customers shipping internationally who wish to inquire about or update information or change marketing preferences or anyone who wants to receive information about our international privacy program should contact us directly using one of the following methods : Send an e-mail to customercare @ overstock.com Call our customer care line at ( 801 ) 947-3100 Write us at Overstock , 6350 South 3000 East , Salt Lake City , UT 84121 , USA In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles , Overstock.com commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your information . European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Overstock.com using one of the following methods : Send an e-mail to customercare @ overstock.com Call our customer care line at ( 801 ) 947-3100 Write us at Overstock , 6350 South 3000 East , Salt Lake City , UT 84121 , USA Overstock.com has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus . If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your complaint , or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by Overstock.com , please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at http : //www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint . By interacting with Overstock , you consent to our use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy . We may change or add to this privacy policy , so we encourage you to review it periodically . This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 9 , 2013 . 
Bodybuilding.com Privacy Policy We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of the users of our Sites . This Privacy Policy will advise you about our guidelines concerning the use of your personal information , including , without limitation , the reasonable efforts we make to protect your personal information in accord with these guidelines , and about what choices you have concerning our use of such information . Please read this policy carefully . We may need to change this policy from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our Sites . We will post those changes here so that you will always know our policies regarding what information we gather , how we might use that information , and whether we will disclose that information to anyone . Please refer back to this policy regularly . If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy , please send an e-mail to webmaster @ bodybuilding.com or contact us at : 5777 N Meeker Ave , Boise , ID 83713 , USA . This Privacy Policy applies to your use of all the sites and services owned or operated by Bodybuilding.com ( collectively " we , " " us , " or " our " ) , including Bodybuilding.com , BodySource.com and any other site that we may own or operate currently or in the future ( collectively , the " Site " or " Sites " ) . Unless we say otherwise , all references to the Sites in this policy include all such sites . This policy does not apply to your use of sites to which any of the Sites link . This policy covers only information collected on the Sites and does not cover any information collected offline by us . We may request personal identification information from you ( such as your name , street address , telephone number , credit card number , e-mail address , and/or any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of you ) in connection with your use of , or participation in , membership registration for Bodybuilding.com , our contests , sweepstakes , promotions , games , surveys , forums , subscription registrations , content submissions , chats , bulletin boards , discussion groups , requests for suggestions , visitors ' requests for free products or services , or additional information ( including via e-mail to us ) , and in connection with other activities , services , features or resources we make available on any of our Sites . In all of these cases , we will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us . Except as otherwise provided in this policy , we reasonably endeavor to ensure that we never intentionally disclose any personal identification information about you as an individual user to any third party without having received your permission ( through opt-in or similar procedures ) except as provided for herein or otherwise as permitted or required under law . Further , we may contact you based on the information you provide online whether in connection with your registration or in such places as the above described forums . If you do provide us with personal information for any of these activities , we may use it to conduct the activity . We may also use cookie technology and Web beacons ( discussed in detail below ) to improve your experience of these activities , including to remember your preferences , customize the content and advertisements that you see or authenticate your access to your personal information . In addition , in the event that your personally identifiable information is requested as part of our surveys , polls or promotions , such personally identifiable information may be added to your registration information . We may also contact you to confirm your registration and communicate about your account status , as well as regarding changes to the Sites ' Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy . If you give us your permission , we may also use personal identification information for internal or external marketing and promotional purposes . On occasion , for example , we may send you e-mails to introduce a product or a service that we think might be of interest to the users of our Sites . For us to obtain your permission to send you this information , we will give you an opportunity to " opt-in " at the time our request for your personal information is made . If you do " opt-in , " you may choose to " opt-out " at any time , even after you have provided personal information , by following the procedures set forth below at the end of this Privacy Policy . Please note , however , that under certain circumstances , if you initially do not choose to " opt-in , " or if you later " opt-out , " you may not be eligible for certain benefits for which a name , e-mail address , telephone number or other personal identification information is needed . We have the following exceptions to these policies : We will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal inquiry or process such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute or court order . We will also release specific information in special cases , such as if there is an attempted breach of the security of the Sites , or a physical or property threat to you or others . We may also transfer user information , including personally identifiable information , in connection with a corporate merger , consolidation , the sale of related assets or corporate division , or other fundamental corporate change . We may provide access to your personally identifiable information to our contractors who are performing services for us in connection with our Sites or the services that you have requested . In addition , on occasion , we may collect personal identification information from you in connection with optional contests , special offers or promotions . We will share such information with necessary third parties for the purpose of carrying out the contest , special offer or promotion . Your participation in the contest , special offer or promotion constitutes your consent to such disclosure and use of such information . Further , the information you enter when making a purchase or an online donation will be shared with payment processors , financial gateways , and your credit card company to authorize credit card payments . Such information may also be shared with necessary third parties solely for the purpose or carrying out the transactions . Also , personal information that you submit may be shared with Liberty Media , Inc. , our parent company . Please see the Liberty Media website for more information about Liberty Media 's Privacy Policy . Please note that if you give out personal information online - for example , on one of our public forums such as a message board or chat room , folder or chat IM feature - that information can be collected and used by third parties . Although we strive to protect our users ' privacy , we can not guarantee the security of information you post in these forums and have no control over how such third parties may use your information . You disclose such information at your own risk . You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your information and password . You shall be responsible for all uses of your registration , whether or not authorized by you . You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your registration or password . We collect non-personal identification information through the use of , without limitation , the following types of methodology : " Cookie " technology : A " cookie " is an element of data that a website can send to your browser , which may then store it on your system . " IP address tracking " : An " IP address " is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are on the Internet . When you request pages from our Sites , our servers log your IP address . " Web beacons " : A " Web beacon , " or " clear gif , " is a small graphic image on a webpage or web-based document that a website can use to determine information about a user . Non-personal identification information might include the browser you use , the type of computer , technical information about your means of connection to our Sites such as the operating systems and the Internet service providers utilized , and other similar information . Our systems may also automatically gather information about the areas you visit and search terms you utilize on our Sites and about the links you may select from within our Sites to other areas of the World Wide Web or elsewhere online . We use such information for our business purposes , and , in particular , to administer the Sites , better manage advertising on the Sites , and , in the aggregate , to understand how our users as a group use the services , features and other resources provided on our Sites . This way we know which areas of our Sites are favorites of our users , which areas need improvement , and what technologies are being used so that we may continually improve our Sites . We may share this aggregate statistical information with our partners , suppliers and other third parties , but we will not share any individual names , personal navigational or other personal information . For example , we may use a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit our Sites . We may share demographic and preference information with this company to allow them to display appropriate advertisements for you . We use a proprietary advertising server to display ads on our Sites . In addition , advertisers may elect to use third-party advertising companies to serve ads onto our Sites . Some of our advertisers may display ads on our Sites that may use cookie technology or Web beacons to ( i ) identify non-personal information about our users ( such as connection speed , browser and country of origin ) and ( ii ) track user behavior within our Sites . Advertisers generally use such information to customize the display of ads within our Sites . We will not permit such advertisers to collect any personal information from our users within our Sites , however , you may choose to voluntarily provide the advertisers with your personal information . We do not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain . Further , from time-to-time we contract with a third party web analytics provider to help manage and optimize our Sites . We use this service to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our Sites . To do this , we use Web beacons and cookie technology on the Sites . The type of information we collect includes such information as the number of hits a webpage receives , type of browser used , and number of times a visitor makes a purchase from a particular promotion . By supplementing our records , this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors , which products and services most interest our users , and what kinds of offers our users like to see . Although this third-party provider logs the information coming from our Sites on our behalf , we control how that data may and may not be used . The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( " COPPA " ) requires that we inform parents and legal guardians about how we collect , use , and disclose personal information from children under 13 years of age . Our Sites are not directed at children under 13 years of age but , we recognize that with proper adult supervision some parents might permit their children to visit our Sites and use our online services . COPPA requires that we obtain the consent of parents and guardians in order for children under 13 years of age to use certain features of our Sites . When your child attempts to register and/or provide personal information to Bodybuilding.com , we require a parent or legal guardian to :  Register their child by completing the Permission to Participate Form and returning it , by facsimile or postal mail , to us as set forth on the form ; Review our Privacy Policy and verify that the child 's parent or guardian knows about and authorizes our information practices related to children protected by COPPA ; and Verify via email confirmation a second authorization that the parent or guardian consents to these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Send such email authorizations to coppa @ bodybuilding.com Once parental notice and consent has been verified , the information we collect will be treated the same as information collected from any other user . Without verified parental notice and consent , we will not knowingly collect personal information relating to children under 13 years of age , and if we learn that we have inadvertently collected such information , we will promptly delete it . In compliance with COPPA , a parent or legal guardian may request from us to review , delete or stop the collection of personally identifiable information relating to their child or any child in their legal custody who is under 13 years of age . You may do so by following the instructions below regarding Access to/Correction of Information . If you request that no further information about your child be collected or used , we will be required to terminate your child 's ability to use any part of the service or feature that requires a user to " sign in. "  To learn more about COPPA , please visit this page :  http : //www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens.html Users will find advertising or other content on our Sites that link to the sites and services of our partners , suppliers , advertisers , sponsors , licensors and other third parties . We do not control the content or links that appear on those sites . In addition , those sites or services , including their content and links , may be constantly changing . Those sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies , or no policy ( policies ) at all . We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party sites or services before providing any of them with your personal information . Protecting your privacy and your information is a top priority . We have taken reasonable measures to secure both your information and our physical premises . We exercise reasonable care in providing safe transmission of your information from your PC to our servers ( unless sent by a means outside of our control , such as e-mail ) . However , we can not guaranty that our measures will completely bar unauthorized access to your information , and by using the Sites you assume this risk . If you would like to review any personal information we have retained about you in our database , please send us an e-mail request for this information at webmaster @ bodybuilding.com . To help us address your request , please specify which information you wish to review . Once you have reviewed this information , at your request we will correct personal information about you that you state is erroneous . To request such a correction , please send an e-mail to webmaster @ bodybuilding.com . You should be aware , however , that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers although we will always make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request . Please also understand that due to the volume of traffic on the Sites and correspondence received , we can not make any representations about the timeliness of the making of such modifications . In addition , we are unable to modify your information in the records of any third party who has been provided with your information in accordance with this policy . Customers making purchases at the Bodybuilding.com Store with a Ship To Address in the states of Florida , Idaho , and Pennsylvania will not have the current rate of sales tax added to their shopping cart but Bodybuilding.com will remit the current rate of sales tax to the appropriate State Sales Tax Authority for each such qualifying sale . If you " opt-in " to receive information from us , you can change your mind later . If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please be sure to opt out of these features . All of these communications provide the ability for you to opt out of future communications through an ' unsubscribe ' link at the bottom of the communication . If you sign up to enter a sweepstakes or contest , you are opted in to receive email communications . When submitting your information for these purposes , you will see the following message : " By submitting your email you are agreeing to receive promotional emails from Bodybuilding.com . You may opt out at any time. "  We do not sell your email or other contact information to third parties . Even if you opt out of receiving notices regarding our Terms of Use and other legal notices from us , such as this Privacy Notice , those notices will still govern your use of Bodybuilding.com and orders placed with Bodybuilding.com , and it is your responsibility to review them for changes . You should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers , although we will always make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request , and we are unable to have your information removed from the records of any third party who has been provided with your information in accordance with this policy . The Sites are operated in the United States . If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States . By using our Website , participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information , you consent to this transfer . By using any of the Sites , you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy , your promise to comply with the representations you make and contained in the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and your understanding of the scope and limitations of the protections provided under the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use . If you do not agree to these policies , please do not use our Sites . Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of changes to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy will mean that you accept those changes . Last modified on August 8 , 2013 . 
At Staples , your privacy is as important to us as it is to you . Our Customer Personal Information Privacy Policy defines how Staples protects your privacy . This Privacy Policy describes :  Why we collect Personal Information What Personal Information we collect and when it is collected How your Personal Information is used and protected When and with whom your Personal Information is shared What to do if you feel your Personal Information has been compromised This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services and Web sites offered by Staples , Inc. , our subsidiaries and affiliated companies . Staples offers many different Web sites for many different business purposes . As this Privacy Policy applies to all of our Web sites , they are collectively referred to as Web site throughout this policy . The Web site is also governed by its Terms of Use . If any of the terms of this Privacy Policy directly conflict with the Terms of Use , the terms of this Privacy Policy will apply . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please feel free to contact us through our Web site or write to us at :  privacy @ staples.com OR Privacy and Compliance Staples 500 Staples Drive , Framingham , MA 01702 This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information , which is information that Staples collects from you as a customer that specifically identifies you as an individual . This information is collected to provide you with the products and services you have requested as well as to provide a pleasant shopping experience now and to improve your shopping experience in the future . This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information , which is information that Staples collects from you as a customer that specifically identifies you as an individual . This information is collected to provide you with the products and services you have requested as well as to provide a pleasant shopping experience now and to improve your shopping experience in the future . While we limit the information we collect , we do collect Personal Information when you :  Place an order from our catalogs or on our Web site Create an account on our Web site Make a purchase at one of our retail stores Return an item , make an exchange or submit a rebate Inquire about our products or services or contact customer service Request a catalog Receive a gift package Sign up for Staples email updates or other promotional materials Enter a contest or sweepstakes Are referred to us through a marketing promotion Participate in a marketing survey , promotion or event Apply for a Staples credit card account In order to provide our full range of services , we may collect Personal Information including :  Name Address Telephone number Fax number Email address Transaction information Credit card , debit card or checking account information Driver 's license number and expiration date ( in conjunction with merchandise returns and credit checks ) Age/date of birth ( in conjunction with promotions , for credit card applications and credit checks ) Social Security number ( in conjunction with credit applications only ) Employment history ( in conjunction with credit applications only ) In order to provide you with a better shopping experience and to improve the quality of our services , we may combine the information you submit under your account with other information that we may receive from you , or from third parties , or with other public demographic information . We maintain this information , along with a record of your purchases , in a restricted database . There are some services provided by Staples that require us to become temporary custodians of your equipment that may contain your Personal Information . These services typically involve a personal computer . Staples does not retain information from these devices once the requested services are complete . Also , our Web site is not directed at collecting Personal Information from children and we do not actively collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 . At Staples , we always want to provide you with the easiest and best possible shopping experience from the time you begin looking for products and services through the delivery of your requested items . The information that we collect lets us meet this goal by allowing us to :  Customize your shopping experience Confirm , process and track your orders Provide the products and services you request Contact you with questions or status updates regarding an order Deliver merchandise and services that you purchase online Fulfill gift card orders Respond to your customer service inquiries or requests Identify your product and service preferences Communicate great values and featured items to you Send you catalogs or promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you Send you Staples email updates Improve our merchandise selection , Web site , retail experience and customer service Provide information concerning product recalls or products you have purchased Prevent or mitigate fraud and credit risk Administer billing and payment for your purchases Administer promotions , contests , sweepstakes and rewards programs Administer branded credit cards Comply with applicable law , legal procedures , requirements , regulations and statutes Staples does offer some of our services in connection with affiliated companies as well as other third parties . Third-party Web sites may have different privacy practices than described in this Privacy Policy . We strongly encourage you to read the privacy policies associated with third-party Web sites as this Privacy Policy applies only to the Staples Web site , Staples ' services and Staples ' handling of Personal Information . Personal Information that you provide to third-party Web sites may be sent to Staples in order to deliver the services you have requested . You can be assured that we will process Personal Information that we receive from these Web sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy . To further improve your shopping experience , Staples partners with third-party vendors to evaluate how the Web site is used and to provide continuous improvement for our services . Like most Web sites , we use " cookies " for a variety of purposes to improve your visits to the Web site . Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to the hard drive on your computer for record-keeping purposes . For example , we use cookies to understand which Web pages are visited and how often they are visited , to remember you when you return to the Web site , and to generally make the Web site more user friendly . Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies . You may decide to reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent . However , if you do decide to refuse all cookies , please be aware that some Web site features and Staples services may be unavailable or may not function properly . Browser settings , including do not track signals and other mechanisms , will not affect data collection and not constitute an opt-out of advertising-related cookies , personalized third-party advertising , or promotional messages from Staples ; you must use the opt-out choices described herein in order to opt-out from such promotional messages . To opt out of Staples advertising-related cookies , follow the links for our partners below :  General cookie tracking opt-out : http : //www.omniture.com/en/privacy/product# optout Customized content display opt-out : Targeting Opt-out More information : http : //www.omniture.com/en/privacy/product Doubleclick : http : //www.doubleclick.com/com/us/about_doubleclick/privacy/ Choices for Receiving Promotional Material You may also decide to opt out of receiving promotional mail and/or email from Staples . Simply notify us of this decision by one of these methods :  Follow the unsubscribe link on any promotional email received from Staples Send an email to us at support @ orders.staples.com Call us toll free at 800-333-3330 Fax us toll free at 877-490-2660 Write to us at Staples Direct Marketing Services 500 Staples Drive Framingham , MA 01702 Please note that any opt-out request sent via postal mail may take at least sixty ( 60 ) days to become effective . You may still receive email or postal mail from other affiliated companies and third parties if they have received your email or postal address from sources other than Staples or as a result of their own transactions or experiences with you . You will also continue to receive email or postal mail if you request to hear from us again at a later date . In the normal course of business , Staples shares Personal Information with third parties . We do this in the following limited circumstances :  Personal Information is provided to our subsidiaries , affiliated companies or other third parties for the purpose of processing the information on our behalf . We require that these parties agree to process this information based on our instructions and requirements consistent with this Privacy Policy . We may disclose Personal Information as reasonably necessary to : ( a ) satisfy applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request , ( b ) enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations thereof , ( c ) detect , prevent or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues , or ( d ) protect against imminent harm to the rights , property or safety of Staples , its customers or the public as required or permitted by law . We may disclose a customer 's name , phone number , postal address and/or ordering information to carefully selected third parties for marketing purposes so that they may notify individuals of offers or services that may be of interest . We do not provide credit card or other financial information for marketing purposes . We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated , non-Personal Information , such as how many customers viewed a particular product or Web page . Such information would not identify you individually . We may disclose and/or transfer Personal Information to a third party in connection with a merger , acquisition or sale ( including any transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings ) involving Staples or its affiliated companies or as part of a corporate reorganization , stock or asset sale , or other change in corporate control . Staples processes Personal Information only for the purposes for which it was collected . The information is processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy , any additional privacy notices that may be associated with the service we are supplying , applicable law , or your authorization or consent . Staples maintains reasonable and appropriate standards to safeguard your Personal Information . When you enter Personal Information that contains a Social Security number , driver 's license number , or credit or debit card number in the designated and secured sections of our Web site , the information will be encrypted or encoded before it is sent over the Internet . Personal Information that we collect and maintain is subject to physical , administrative and technical controls that are consistent with recognized industry standards . Staples processes Personal Information on our servers in the United States of America and in other countries . In some cases , we may process your Personal Information on a server outside your own country in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law . Staples takes reasonable steps to verify that the Personal Information we store and process is accurate , complete and current . We also depend on our customers to update or correct their online profiles and to contact us with changes in Personal Information whenever necessary by one of the following means :  Follow the unsubscribe link or Update Your Email Preferences link on any promotional email received from Staples Send an email to us at support @ orders.staples.com Call us toll-free at 800-333-3330 Fax us toll-free at 877-490-2660 Write to us at Staples Direct Marketing Services 500 Staples Drive Framingham , MA 01702 Unless otherwise required by law or for legitimate business purposes , we will make good-faith efforts to correct or delete such data at your request when you notify us of an error or change in your Personal Information . To prevent unauthorized changes to someone 's Personal Information , we ask individual customers to positively identify themselves before processing such requests . We reserve the right to charge a small fee to process any request to update , correct or delete Personal Information . We also may decline to process requests that require a disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) . Staples regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy . Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or Staples ' treatment of Personal Information to us through the Web site or by writing to us at the email or postal mail address at the beginning of this document . If we receive a written complaint , it is Staples ' policy to contact the customer regarding his or her concerns . We will investigate complaints promptly and diligently to address your concerns and resolve any dispute quickly . What to Do if You Believe Someone Has Improperly Used Your Personal Data If you believe that someone has improperly accessed or used your personally identifiable information supplied to Staples or has made purchases at Staples that you did not authorize , please contact us immediately . Here are some additional things that you can do to protect yourself from identity theft if you think that your Personal Information has been compromised :  Review Your Account Statements . Carefully review your bank , credit card and other account statements every month to ensure that all of your account activity is valid . Report any questionable charges promptly and in writing to the card or account issuer . Check Your Credit Report . Check your credit report periodically to ensure that all your information is correct . You can obtain a free credit report once per year by visiting www.annualcreditreport.com or by calling 877-322-8228 . Carefully reviewing your credit report can help you spot problems and address them quickly . If you have any questions about your credit report or notice any inaccuracies , contact the relevant consumer reporting agency promptly at the telephone number listed on the report . Fraud Alert . Consider placing a fraud alert on your credit file . The fraud alert requests that creditors contact you before opening any new accounts or increasing credit limits on your existing accounts . You can place a fraud alert on your credit file by contacting one of the three consumer reporting agencies listed below . You need to contact only one of the three agencies ; the one you contact is required by law to contact the other two . You will receive confirmation letters in the mail and then will be able to order a credit report from each of the three agencies , free of charge . The fraud alert will remain in your credit file for at least 90 days . Equifax Experian TransUnion P.O . Box 740241 Atlanta , GA 30374 800-525-6285 P.O . Box 9532 Allen , TX 75013 888-397-3742 P.O . Box 6790 Fullerton , CA 92834 800-680-7289 www.equifax.com www.experian.com www.transunion.com Consult the Federal Trade Commission . For more guidance on steps you can take to protect your information , you also can contact the Federal Trade Commission at www.ftc.gov/idtheft , or at 877-ID-THEFT ( 877-438-4338 ) , or at the Identity Theft Clearinghouse , Federal Trade Commission , 600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW , Washington , DC 20580 . Staples complies with the U.S.EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of Personal Information from European Union member countries and Switzerland . Staples has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Staples 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ . For California Residents Privacy Rights under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84 California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 give California residents the right to ask us for a notice describing the categories of Personal Information we share with affiliated companies or third parties for their direct marketing purposes . The notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it has been shared , along with their names and addresses . Please allow 30 days for a response . If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the email or postal mail address at the beginning of this document . Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time . We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and , if the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice . Each version of this Privacy Policy will be identified by its effective date found at the top of this document . If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy , please feel free to contact us anytime through this Web site or at the email or postal mail address at the beginning of this document . 
( United States and Puerto Rico ) Last Updated December 31 , 2013 This privacy statement ( also referred to as Costco 's Privacy Policy ) explains our privacy practices for our customers who : ( 1 ) shop in our United States and Puerto Rico warehouses or ( 2 ) use our website , www.costco.com . COSTCO 'S COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY We respect your right to privacy . We do not sell , rent , share or disclose personal information to third parties without your prior consent , except in the circumstances described in this Privacy Statement . In addition , your ability to make informed choices about the uses of your information is important to us . This privacy statement explains our policy regarding the collection , use , disclosure and protection of personal information . The links below provide detailed information about our privacy practices : What is Personal Information ? Collection of Personal Information Use of Personal Information by Costco Sharing of Personal Information Order Fulfillment Member Services Our Contractors Primary Account Holder Tobacco Rebates for Business Members Other Uses and Disclosures Protection of Personal and Credit Card Information Choice Health Care Centers Health Care Centers Pharmacies Online Specifics Online Information Gathering and Use Links to Other Web Sites Updating , Reviewing or Correcting Online Personal Information Apps/Mobile Specifics SMS ( Text ) Messages Costco Apps Use of the Costco.com Site by Children Questions or Concerns Changes to this Statement Personal information is information that identifies an individual or that can be reasonably associated with a specific person or entity , such as a name , contact information , Internet ( IP ) address and information about an individual 's purchases and online shopping . Personal information also includes medical information collected through our pharmacies , hearing aid centers and optical centers ( see Health Care Centersbelow ) . As a convenience to our Members , we allow the primary cardholder to add his/her spouse or others to a membership account . We collect the personal information that you provide us , such as when you : sign up for or renew your Costco membership ; register to use costco.com or sign up for news or notifications of specials or other promotions on costco.com ; place an order or purchase products or services , online or otherwise ; contact us for any reason ; participate in a survey or promotion ; or sign up for or participate in our various Member Services ( see Member Services below ) . We may automatically collect some information when you visit our website , such as your computer 's IP address and operating system , the site from which you linked to us , your site activity , the time and date of your visit , and your purchases . This information may be collected through the use of " cookies " and web beacons ( see Online Specifics below ) . We also receive information from third parties who help us correct our records , prevent fraud , and provide Member Services or special promotions or products ( see Member Services below ) . We may combine any of this information with the other personal information we maintain about you . The personal information we collect is generally used to process your requests or transactions , provide you with high-quality service , tell you about opportunities we think will be of interest and administer your account , including distribution of our own surveys and publications . For example , we may : Alert you about product recalls or safety issues ; Communicate membership opportunities and programs ; and Provide you with promotional information , such as coupons , offers and product recommendations , or information about Member Services ( " Promotional Information " ) . If you prefer not to receive Promotional Information from us , we make it easy for you to let us know . You may contact us at any time to decline Promotional Information ( see Choice below ) . We share information in these circumstances : Order Fulfillment We may provide to a third party information as necessary to fulfill an order you have placed with us . For example , we may provide your address to a shipper , and if you pay by a credit or debit card , your card number and sales transaction information are passed to the card processor and/or issuer ( including their service providers such as fraud verification services ) . However , we give suppliers , and others involved in the distribution chain only the information needed to provide you the products or services you order , and we require them to keep the information confidential and not to use it for other purposes . We are not responsible for any information you provide directly to these parties , and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information directly to them . Member Services We offer special products and services to our members through third parties , such as rebates , financial , travel , insurance and other business and consumer services ( " Member Services " ) . We may share your name , postal address , email address and membership status , number and type ( " Member Information " ) with these third parties in order to notify you of their offerings , to determine whether , or at what level , you qualify for the products , offerings or services , and to evaluate new and existing products , offerings or services . If you prefer that we not share Member Information with third parties , you can contact us at any time ( see Choice below ) . However , if you apply for or request certain products , offerings or services , information you provide will be shared directly with the third parties who will be providing the requested products , offerings or services . If you apply for an American Express Card through Costco , we will collect the application on behalf of American Express . These third parties are required to use personal information we share only to provide the requested services . We are not responsible for any additional information you provide directly to these parties , and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices and policies before disclosing information to them . Information you provide to third parties , may in turn be shared with us along with information about your use of the services . In some cases , these third parties may require as a condition of providing services to you that you authorize them to share information with us . If we terminate our relationship with a third party , information you provided to them may be returned to us , and we may provide that information to a new third party offering the same or similar services . Our Contractors We may contract with others to perform services on our behalf . For example , we might retain a company to process credit card payments , ship merchandise , distribute emails , process rebates or analyze data . If any of these service providers need access to your personal information , we require them to use it only to perform the services for us . We also require that they maintain the confidentiality of the information and/or return the information to us when they no longer need it . Primary Account Holder Each membership account has an individual primary account holder who is authorized to designate and remove add-on members and make other account management decisions . We may disclose Personal Information that relates to activities occurring under the account to the primary account holder . Tobacco Rebates for Business Members As a service to our Business Members who purchase tobacco products for resale , we provide information to the tobacco manufacturers ' representative to process retail incentives . The information we provide is the business Member 's name , address , the brand name , and the amount of tobacco products purchased . Pursuant to California law , if you are a Business Member in California and you do not want us to disclose this information on your behalf , you can notify us ( see Choice below ) . In addition , we may use or disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are lawfully authorized to do so , or that doing so is reasonably necessary to protect you , to comply with legal process or authorities , to respond to any claims , or to protect the rights , property or personal safety of Costco Wholesale , our Members , our employees or the public . If your membership was purchased for you as an employee benefit , we may share your name , address and membership level ( Gold Star , Business or Executive ) , but no other personal information , with your employer . Information about our Members , including personal information , may be disclosed or transferred as part of , or during negotiations of , any merger or sale of company assets or acquisition . We have physical , administrative and technical security measures in place to protect personal information from loss , misuse or alteration while it is under our control . We are required to collect , process and maintain payment card information in accordance with the data security rules adopted by credit card companies such as Visa , MasterCard and American Express . This means that we do not retain debit card PINs or credit card security codes , and that any time we maintain a credit card number , such as when you create an online account , we must limit access to it and use strong encryption to protect it . Further , when you enter personal information online , that information is encrypted prior to transmission using a security protocol called SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) . We also use SSL to allow you to securely view your online account and registration information . Online account information is accessible only by using a password . You must keep your password confidential . You are responsible for all uses of www.costco.com by anyone using your password . Please advise us immediately at customerservice @ costco.com if you believe your password has been misused . We give you choices related to your personal information , and numerous methods to inform us of your decision . Your choice to opt-out will not apply to your spouse and any add-on members . If you do not want us to share Member Information ( see Member Services ) with third parties , you can : ( a ) check the opt-out box on our membership applications ; ( b ) follow the opt-out instructions on your renewal notices ; ( c ) visit us at any Membership desk at any U.S. or Puerto Rico Costco warehouse location ; ( d ) call our Membership Services representatives at 1-800-774-2678 ; ( e ) email us at customerservice @ costco.com ; or ( f ) write us at : Customer Service , P. O. Box 34622 , Seattle , WA 98124 . If you do not want to receive Promotional Information ( see Use of Personal Information by Costco ) or information about Member Services , you can : ( a ) visit us at any Membership desk at any U.S. or Puerto Rico Costco warehouse location ; ( b ) call our Membership Services representatives at 1-800-774-2678 ; ( c ) email us at customerservice @ costco.com ; or ( d ) write us at : Customer Service , P. O. Box 34622 , Seattle , WA 98124 . If you are a Business Member in California and you do not want us to disclose information about your tobacco purchases , you can : ( a ) visit us at any Membership desk at any U.S. or Puerto Rico Costco warehouse location ; ( b ) call our Membership Services representatives at 1-800-774-2678 ; ( c ) email us at customerservice @ costco.com or ( d ) write us at : Customer Service , P. O. Box 34622 , Seattle , WA 98124 . If you do not want to receive promotional emails , you can : ( a ) call our Membership Services representatives at 1-800-774-2678 ; ( b ) email us at customerservice @ costco.com ; ( c ) write us at : Customer Service , P.O . Box 34622 , Seattle , WA 98124 ; ( d ) click the provided " unsubscribe " link in any email to unsubscribe ; or ( e ) access " My Account " if you are a registered user of costco.com , and check the opt-out box . If you have more than one email address , you will need to specifically opt-out for each email address . If you receive emails from the online Photo Center or one of our services providers ( see Member Services ) you will need to specifically opt out of these special purpose emails . There will be an opportunity to do this on the email itself , and you may opt out of Photo Center emails by logging into your Photo Center account . If you do not want us to track your activity on Costco.com , you can access " My Account " if you are a registered user and check the opt-out box . If you have more than one email address , you will need to specifically opt-out for each email address . H. HEALTH CARE CENTERS We appreciate the importance of safeguarding the privacy of your personal health information and consequently we have special procedures to protect this sensitive information provided to our pharmacies , and optical and hearing aid departments ( " Health Care Centers " ) . Personal health information includes your prescription information , your Pharmacy Patient Profile and other related information . Review our Notice of Privacy Practices : Pharmacies & Health Care Centers . If you are an Executive Member , your purchase information from our Health Care Centers will be combined with your other personal information to calculate your Executive Member 2 % Reward , subject to the terms and conditions of that program . Pharmacies This section explains our policy with respect to the uses of personal pharmacy information , whether you use our services online or in a warehouse pharmacy . Prescription information is stored in an electronic system separate from all other member stored personal information . To fill your prescriptions , we collect your name , address , telephone number , age , gender , allergies , and other prescription-related information . We are required by law to collect this type of information to identify potentially dangerous drug interactions or other health concerns . We use this information to process your order , contact you with any questions and provide you with the counseling you may require . Our pharmacist database is maintained separately from other Member databases . Only licensed pharmacists , specifically authorized staff , and others permitted by law to view this database , are allowed to do so . When you use our services , you consent to our use and disclosure of your personal health information for purposes of treatment , payment or health care operations . We do not otherwise sell , share , rent or disclose personal information collected from our pharmacy pages or maintained in pharmacist records unless you have authorized such disclosure , or such disclosure is permitted or required by law . Additional terms regarding the confidentiality of your prescription information are explained in our confidentiality of personal pharmacy information page located on our Notice of Privacy Practices : Pharmacies & Health Care Centers and incorporated in this Privacy Policy by this reference . Please review these terms so that you understand how they affect your actions and information . Information Gathering and Use . We use cookies . Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer . They enable us to monitor online activity . We use this information to help optimize your shopping experience . For example , we may customize our home page for you , better display pages according to your browser type , and/or deliver customized product recommendations and email . To opt out of these features see Choices . Cookies are not spyware , and Costco does not collect multi-site data , share information with others that we gather through cookies or allow others to gather information on our site using cookies . Currently our site does not respond to Do Not Track features enabled through your browser . Like most web sites , our servers log your IP address , the URL from which you accessed our site , your browser type , and the date and time of your purchases and other activities . We use this information for system administration , troubleshooting , fraud investigation and communications from Costco ( only ) . Finally , we use web beacons to determine when and how many times a page has been viewed . Again , we use this information for our own marketing purposes . Your browser will accept cookies and allow automatic collection of information unless you change the browser default settings . If cookies are disabled the web site will not load properly . Currently our site does not respond to " do not track " mechanisms . Links to Other Sites From our web site you can link to websites of third parties who we allow to offer goods and services to our members or who provide functions and amenities to our site , such as product information and reviews . If it is not clear from the context that you are being directed to a third party site , we endeavor to notify you that you are visiting a site where a different privacy policy applies . In general , any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party 's privacy policy . We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of websites to which we link . We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information . Updating , Reviewing or Correcting Online Personal Information You may update , review or correct your online account information at any time by accessing your password-protected registration page via the " My Account " area of the Web site . You also may email us at customerservice @ costco.com or call us at 800-774-2678 . To update prescription-related information , access the patient profile page at our online pharmacy site . To update general membership information , such as a change of address , please see below . SMS ( Text ) Messages We will send you SMS ( text ) communications only if you consent to receive them . We may send you information customized based on your area code , but we do not automatically collect any information that discloses your physical location . You may review our terms of SMS service here . The Costco App Before we collect or send location-specific information , we will ask for your consent . You may use the app without consenting to this , and you may withdraw your consent by changing your selection within the app . Your general consent to your mobile service provider to allow ( or disallow ) location-based services does not automatically apply to us . In general , you do not need to provide any personal information to use our app . If you wish to make a purchase through the app , however , you must create an account . Personal information you provide is subject to this Costco.com Privacy Statement . In addition , as with any online service , our app automatically collects information such as an IP address , the unique identifier of your mobile device and the URL from which you accessed our app ( see Online Specifics ) . Neither your name nor telephone number are automatically collected . It is not possible to opt out of providing information automatically collected through our apps . Providers who supply the technology necessary for us to create the app may share in the receipt of automatically collected information . We restrict their use of personal information to the purpose of providing services to Costco . In addition , you should review the privacy statements published by your mobile carrier and by your device manufacturer . Either or both of them may automatically collect information . Costco does not have access to information you provide to or that is automatically collected by these third parties . Our apps may provide links to Costco service providers ( see Member Services ) and other third parties ( see Links to Other Sites ) . Except as described in this Privacy Statement , Costco does not sell or share with third parties any information you provide or information automatically collected through our app . We encourage parents to take an active interest in their children 's use of the Internet . We do not intend to collect information from children who are under 18 years of age . If you are under 18 , you should not provide information on the costco.com website or app . In addition , individuals under the age of 18 may not fill , refill or transfer a prescription on costco.com . If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement or would like to contact us for any reason , you can do the following : Visit us at any Membership desk at any U.S. or Puerto Rico Costco warehouse location ; Call our Membership Service representatives at 1-800-774-2678 ; Email us at customerservice @ costco.com ; or Write us at : Customer Service , P. O. Box 34622 , Seattle , WA 98124 . We may change this privacy statement at any time , but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating at the top of the privacy statement the date it was last updated . We encourage you to review our privacy statement to make sure you understand how your Personal Information will be used . If we make a material change to how we use Personal Information and the new uses are unrelated to uses we disclose in this statement , we will communicate the changes in advance . 
This policy was last updated on July 24 , 2013 . Your privacy is important to us . By participating in the Council of Better Business Bureau 's BBB EU Safe Harbor Program , we have made a commitment to meet the programs ' strict requirements regarding how we treat your information and have it verified by the Safe Harbor Program . Further information about this program is available at http : //www.bbb.org/us/european-dispute-resolution . Below is the B&H privacy and security policy :  Note : The following only applies to B&H 's main website ( www.bhphotovideo.com ) but not to our blogs " B&H inDepth " ( www.bhphotovideo.com/indepth ) and " B&H Insights " ( www.bhphotovideo.com/insights ) : The security of your personal information is very important to us . In an effort to protect your personal information , we use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology with 128 bit encryption . If your browser supports SSL ( most current browsers do ) , it will automatically encrypt the information you provide to us on the secure pages on our site , before sending it over the Internet . B&H has obtained a digital certificate from Cybertrust , a leading provider of Internet trust services . B&H 's website is also tested and certified daily by ScanAlert to receive its Hacker Safe Certification which ensures that the website passes the FBI/SANS Internet Security Test . When visiting a page on our site that includes any of your personal information , the bottom of your browser window will display , an icon of a closed lock or an unbroken key ( depending upon your browser ) . This indicates that you have successfully connected with our secure server . To authenticate the security of your connection before submitting any of your personal information , you can double click on the icon to display our digital certificate . Some browser versions and some firewalls do not permit communication through secure servers . In that case , we suggest that you visit the B&H super store , or contact us by phone , or fax your order to us . When you visit our site , we will ask your browser to place a permanent " cookie " ( a very small text file ) on your computer . If your browser is configured to accept cookies , it will accept the cookie and place it on your computer 's hard drive . We collect this information to analyze where our customers are coming from and how often they visit our site . We also collect certain technical information from your computer , like your IP address and the address of a referring web site , if any . This information will allow us to enhance our site to our customer 's preferences . This information is used only for the benefit of B&H and you , our customer . You can visit our site without cookies if you choose to do so . However , please be aware that some features of the site may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies . To visit our site without cookies , you can configure your browser to reject all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is set . Check the browsers help menu to learn how to change your cookie preferences . In order to identify who you are , we suggest that you register and log-in when you visit our site . This allows us to provide you with your " Order Status " and other information that is uniquely yours . You can access all the personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by phoning 800-606-6969 or 212-444-6615 , mail ( 420 Ninth Avenue , New York , NY 10001 , USA ) , or via e-mail . We use this procedure to safeguard your information . To protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections . You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows the error . If you place an order with a ship-to address that differs from your bill-to address , we retain this information as well . You can modify or correct this information by following the procedure described above . Such information is used at your request to ship purchased merchandise and may also be used for marketing purposes , but will not be sold to any third parties . When you choose to place an order with us , you are invited to log in ( optional ) , so that we can identify who you are . As a newcomer , it will be suggested that you register for future identification . The registration page asks you to enter your name , a user ID , a password , and your e-mail address . You can update this information at any time by clicking on the " my account " link at the top of every page and selecting " update account information. "  When you decide to place an order , you are asked to complete an order form . The order form requires your name , billing and shipping address , credit card number , expiration date and CID# . You should also include other information fields such as your telephone number , to allow us to contact you regarding your order if necessary . This information is collected to make your shopping experience with us as smooth and pleasant as possible . It is used only for the benefit of B&H and you , our customer . Our site contains links to manufacturers , and other related sites for your benefit . B&H is not responsible for the privacy practices , security , or content of such web sites . If you click on one of these links , you will be redirected to their web site and , in doing so , you may provide information directly to them . Therefore , you should refer to their privacy policies to understand how they handle your information and what choices you have . B&H maintains special relationships with a number of secure business partners . For your security or benefit , when you make a purchase , we may share information about you and the transaction with other companies for many reasons including verification , fraud prevention , credit card authorization , and shipping purposes . B&H may share account or other information when we are required by law ( e.g. , in response to subpoenas , court orders , etc. )  or to protect our interests or property . This may include sharing information with other companies , lawyers , credit bureaus , agents or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud , credit or debt collection . You agree that B&H may use personal information provided by you in order to conduct appropriate anti-fraud checks . Personal information that you provide may be disclosed to a credit reference or fraud prevention agency , which may keep a record of that information . B&H also shares information with outside companies that perform services for B&H . For example , when a customer signs up for our e-mail newsletters , B&H will provide the customers e-mail address to third party e-mail distribution companies that transmit e-mails on behalf of B&H . Your e-mail address will not be used by these companies for any purpose other than for the transmission of e-mails for B&H . We may retain outside companies to assist us in managing our customer information database or to update and correct customer information for future marketing purposes . B&H takes steps to ensure the confidentiality of your information and to make sure it is not used for other purposes . B&H has carefully selected a few companies to assist us in better understanding how our customers use our site . We will place cookies on your computer to collect information . The information that is collected through these cookies tells us things , such as which search engine referred you , how you navigated around our site , which pages you browsed , what you purchased and what traffic is driven by banner ads and e-mails . The companies analyze the information they collect from our site and return it to us through a secure connection . We use this information to help us understand your interests in our site and how to better serve you . It also helps us provide you with more personalized product offerings . For more information about the companies with whom B&H shares customer information , please contact us . In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles , B&H commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information . European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should contact :  Legal Department B & H Foto & Electronics Corp. 440 Ninth Avenue New York , New York 10001 Phone : 212-239-7500 Web : www.bhphotovideo.com E-mail : legal @ bhphotovideo.com B&H has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus . If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your complaint , or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by B&H , please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint . B & H Foto & Electronics Corp. complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland . B&H has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view our certification page , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ We may use your information in a number of ways , including the following : In order to serve you better , we may combine the information you provide us online , in our superstore and through our catalogues . We use that information to improve your overall shopping experience . To improve the content on our Web site . For example , we may use cookies to find out which parts of our site or our products are visited most often . To enhance your online shopping experience . For marketing and promotional purposes . You may request to receive the B&H catalogue , brochure periodically by mail or e-mail notification of specials that may be of interest to you . B&H will never SPAM or send unsolicited materials based on information collected at our site . Registrants may opt out of receiving materials from us at any time by contacting us with such request . Please contact us via e-mail , by telephone 800-606-6969 or 212-444-6615 , By Fax 212-239-7549 , or via mail ( 420 Ninth Avenue , New York , NY 10001 . Enclose a copy of the mailing label ) . Include your name , address , and other information as it appears on the mailing label , and indicate " Do not mail " . We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , nor is any part of our website structured to attract anyone under 13 . If Security or privacy is still of concern to you If you do not want to receive promotional email from B&H , please click here Note : Once you have submitted your request you should assume that it has been successfully received and your request is being processed . Please allow us a reasonable period from when the request was received to complete the removal . Our transaction security , combined with our privacy guarantee , should satisfy your concerns regarding online ordering . Keep in mind however that you have a number of alternate choices available for doing business with B&H . You can order on-line without sending your credit card number over the Internet . Just complete our on-line order form , print , and fax it to us . If you prefer , you can always call 800-606-6969 or 212-444-6615 , and place your order by telephone . We encourage you to visit the B&H midtown Manhattan super store and deal directly with one of the B&H professionally trained sales associates . If you have any questions regarding this privacy statement , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this web site , you can contact our Web Support Team . By visiting our site you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this policy . We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site . California Privacy Rights If you are a California resident , you have the right to receive : ( a ) information identifying all third party companies to whom B&H may have disclosed , within the past year , personal information pertaining to you and your family for that company 's direct marketing purposes ; and ( b ) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed . To obtain this information , please e-mail your request to : Click here Please allow 30 days for a response . 
Lowe 's respects your concerns about privacy . This Privacy Statement applies to personal information we collect on Lowes.com and other official Lowe 's sites ( including mobile sites ) that link to this Privacy Statement , the Lowe 's Career Website hosted on brassring.com , official Lowe 's survey forms and sweepstakes entry forms on third-party sites and applications that link to this Privacy Statement , official Lowe 's mobile applications that link to this Privacy Statement ( the " Mobile Applications " ) , and from use of the in-store Wi-Fi network ( the " Store Wi-Fi " ) ( collectively , the " Site " ) . The credit-related areas of the Site are covered by different privacy notices that appear on the credit application pages or that you receive in connection with your credit accounts , as applicable ; the term " Site " does not refer to these areas . The term " Site " also does not refer to the Weekly Ads pages at lowes.shoplocal.com , the Iris Smart Home website www.irissmarthome.com or the login page for that website on Lowes.com . In some cases , a website or online service covered by this Privacy Statement may provide additional detail about privacy practices specific to the website or online service . This Privacy Statement describes the types of personal information we collect on the Site , how we may use that information and with whom we may share it . The Privacy Statement also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the personal information . We also tell you how you can reach us to ask us to update your preferences regarding how we communicate with you or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices . You may choose to provide us with personal information ( such as name , contact details and payment information ) , such as : Contact information , such as your name , address , telephone number , and email address , and your title or occupation . Login and access credentials ( such as username and password ) for Lowe 's accounts . Payment information , such as your payment card number and expiration date . Date of birth . The geolocation of your device ( such as if you opt to use the " Find Near Me " feature of the mobile-optimized portion of our websites or our Mobile Applications ) . The unique ID number associated with certain Lowe 's accounts . Certain information about your Lowe 's purchases returns or exchanges . Personal information in communications and other content you submit , such as photographs , product information and details about your projects and property . Social media IDs , such as for Facebook or Twitter Personal information you submit in your capacity as an independent contractor of Lowe 's , such as gender , ethnicity and identification numbers such as your NRDS ID number . Personal information you submit in connection with a job application on the Career Website , such as your name , contact information , Social Security Number , date of birth , employment status , employment history , education information , references , rsum , immigration status and ability to work legally in the United States , driver license information , personal or family employment affiliation with Lowe 's , criminal record , and , on a voluntary basis for our Equal Employment Opportunity compliance purposes for jobs located in the US , gender , race and ethnic background . Back to Top When you use our Site , we may collect certain information by automated means , using technologies such as cookies , Web server logs , Web beacons and JavaScript . Cookies are files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings on your device . Our Site may use HTTP cookies , HTML5 cookies , Flash cookies and other types of local storage ( such as browser-based or plugin-based local storage ) . Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies . You also may be able to delete your Flash cookies or adjust your Flash cookie settings by visiting the Adobe Flash Website Storage Settings Panel and Global Storage Settings Panel . Please note , however , that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our Site or other websites and online services . In conjunction with the gathering of information through cookies , our Web servers may log information such as your device type , operating system type , browser type , domain , and other system settings , as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located . The Web server logs also may record information such as the address of the Web page that referred you to our Site and the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet . They also may log information about your interaction with this Site , such as which pages you visit . To control which Web servers collect information by automated means , we may place tags on our Web pages called " Web beacons , " which are small files that link Web pages to particular Web servers and their cookies . We also may send instructions to your device using JavaScript or other computer languages to gather the sorts of information described above and other details your interactions with the Site . We may use third-party Web analytics services on our Site , such as those of Google Analytics . These service providers use the technology described above to help us analyze how users use the Site . The information collected by the technology ( including your IP address ) will be disclosed to these service providers , who use the information to evaluate your use of the Site . To learn about opting out of Google Analytics , please click here . We may use the information collected through automated means to provide a better tailored shopping experience and for market research , data analytics and system administration purposes , such as to determine whether you 've visited us before or are new to the Site , and for compliance with our legal obligations , policies and procedures . We also may use this information to target custom content and ads to you on this and other websites , including as described in the Interest-Based Advertising section below . Back to Top If you elect to install the Mobile Applications , the information we collect may include the following : Your geographic location , including within a Lowe 's store and the surrounding area . Information about your use of the Mobile Applications . The type of device you use and its operating system . Identification details of your device ( e.g. , unique device identifier ) . IP address . Your use of mobile coupons in a Lowe 's transaction . This information will allow push notifications and other targeted marketing designed specifically for your shopping preferences such as special offers based upon areas in which you may be shopping in the store , and shopping lists with specific items located for your convenience when you are shopping a particular store , as well as for other in-store mapping and routing services . It also may be used for the other purposes specified in this Privacy Statement . Back to Top If you elect to use the free Store Wi-Fi available at Lowe 's stores , we will collect information such as the following : The URLs and content of the pages you visit on any website ( e.g. , on yahoo.com or Lowes.com ) using your mobile device , and , on some websites , information you submit through online forms . The apps on your mobile device that use the Store Wi-Fi . Your geographic locations within a Lowe 's store and the surrounding area within the range of the Store Wi-Fi . How long you use the Store Wi-Fi at particular locations . The type of device you use and its operating system . Identification details of your device ( e.g. , unique device identifier and MAC address ) . Browser information and IP address . The address of the store where you use the Store Wi-Fi . This information will allow targeted marketing designed specifically for your shopping preferences such as specific coupons based upon the sites and pages you visited , special offers based upon areas in which you may be shopping in the store , including competitive offers based upon other websites that you may be viewing , shopping lists with specific items located for your convenience when you are shopping a particular store , as well as for other in-store mapping and routing services . It also may be used for the other purposes specified in this Privacy Statement . Back to Top Data about your activities online is being collected on our Site for use in providing advertising tailored to your individual interests . You may choose whether or not to have your information collected for that purpose . This section of the Privacy Statement provides details and explains how to exercise that choice . You may see certain ads on other websites because we participate in advertising networks administered by third parties . These networks track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means , including through the use of the technologies described in the Information We Collect By Automated Means section above , and they use this information to show you advertisements that are tailored to your individual interests . The information they collect includes information about your visits to our Site , such as the pages you have viewed . This collection and ad targeting takes place both on our Site and on third-party websites that participate in the ad network , such as sites that feature advertisements delivered by the ad network . This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts . To learn more about ad networks , including how to opt out , click here . Back to Top We may use the information we collect through the Site to : Provide , administer and communicate with you about products , services , events and promotions ( including by sending you newsletters , coupons and other marketing communications ) . Process , record and track your purchases , payments and rebates . Process , evaluate and respond to your requests , inquiries and applications . Manage our customer information databases . Operate registrations , including on MyLowe 's and Lowes.com . Administer contests , sweepstakes and surveys . Create , administer and communicate with you about your accounts . Customize your experience with our Site . Provide you with in-store navigation and mapping services . Allow you to find locations near you . With respect to personal information we collect through our Career Website , evaluate your application for employment and contact you regarding possible employment . Operate , evaluate and improve our business ( including developing new products and services ; managing our communications ; performing market research , data analytics and data appends ; determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing ; analyzing our products , services and Site ; administering our Site ; and performing accounting , auditing , billing , reconciliation and collection activities ) . Protect against and prevent fraud , unauthorized transactions , claims and other liabilities , and manage risk exposure and quality . Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements , industry standards and our policies and terms , such as our Terms and Conditions of Use . We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide notice at the time of the collection . Back to Top We may share personal information we collect on the Site with certain service providers , some of whom may use the information for their own purposes . For example , ( i ) our websites may feature live chat functionality , and the information gathered in the chat feature may be collected by or shared with a provider such as LivePerson , whose privacy policies are available at www.liveperson.com/policies/privacy , ( ii ) information you submit on our Site in connection with a product review may be collected by or shared with a product review company such as Bazaarvoice , whose privacy policy is at www.bazaarvoice.com/privacy-policy and who may publish the information in locations not affiliated with Lowe 's , such as the website of the manufacturer of the product you review , and ( iii ) information submitted on our Careers Website is collected by or shared with the Careers Website provider , Kenexa , whose Privacy Policy is at www.kenexa.com/privacypolicy . We also may share your information among our affiliates , joint marketing partners and companies that fulfill orders placed with us , who may send you marketing information . In addition , we may share personal information we collect on the Site at your request . We may disclose information about you ( i ) if we are required to do so by law , regulation or legal process , such as a court order or subpoena ; ( ii ) in response to requests by government agencies , such as law enforcement authorities ; or ( iii ) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical , financial or other harm , injury or loss ; ( iv ) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity ; or ( v ) to assist in collecting debt owed by you . We reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets ( including , without limitation , in the event of a reorganization , dissolution or liquidation ) . Should such a sale or transfer occur , we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Statement . Back to Top Where applicable , you may amend your preferences regarding how we communicate with you by updating your profile within your Lowe 's authenticated account , using the settings pages on certain websites or contacting us as described in the How to Contact Us section below . To be removed from all of Lowe 's official email , telephone and postal mail marketing , choose one of the following options : email customercare @ lowes.com and type " REMOVE FROM ALL MARKETING " in the subject line ; call 1-800-44-LOWES ; or send your request by mail to :  Lowe 's Customer Care CON8 P.O . Box 1111 North Wilkesboro , NC 28659 For any of these options , please include your name , address , phone number and email address in the request , and let us know how you provided us with the information . Back to Top You may access the profile page of certain accounts you maintain on our Site to modify certain personal information associated with your profile and indicate certain communications preferences . Back to Top Where applicable , you may amend your preferences regarding how we communicate with you through email by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link in an email you receive from us , by updating certain subscriptions within certain Lowe 's authenticated accounts , within settings pages or by contacting us as described in the How to Contact Us section below . To stop receiving newsletters from Lowes.com , you also may email customercare @ lowes.com with the phrase " REMOVE FROM NEWSLETTER LIST " in the subject line , and we will apply your preference to the email address from which you send us the request . Back to Top To exercise your preferences regarding the collection of data for targeted advertising , please follow the directions in the Interest-Based Advertising section above . Back to Top To stop the collection of information via Store Wi-Fi , disconnect from the Store Wi-Fi network . Please note that disconnecting from the Store Wi-Fi network will not prevent you from taking advantage of our Mobile Applications ' collection of your location . To deactivate that collection of information , follow the instructions in the Mobile Applications section below . Back to Top To stop collection of information by the Mobile Applications , delete the applications from your device . To stop only the collection of information from the geolocation services available on your device ( such as your device 's GPS functionality ) , use your device 's settings to deactivate the Mobile Applications ' access to those services . Please note that deactivating this access will not prevent you from taking advantage of our Store Wi-Fi 's collection of your location . To deactivate that collection of information , follow the instructions in the Store Wi-Fi section above . Back to Top To exercise a choice under a prior version of this statement , contact us as described in the How to Contact Us section below . Back to Top Subject to certain limitations under California Civil Code 1798.83 , if you are a California resident , you may ask us to provide you with ( i ) a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to certain third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and ( ii ) the identity of certain third parties that received personal information from us for their direct marketing purposes during that calendar year . To make such a request , please contact us as follows :  Lowe 's Customer Care Attn : Privacy Team California Marketing Choices CON8 P.O . Box 1111 North Wilkesboro , NC 28656 1-800-445-6937 Back to Top We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards to protect the personal information you provide on our Site against accidental , unlawful or unauthorized destruction , loss , alteration , access , disclosure or use and other unlawful forms of processing . Back to Top This Site contains links to other websites for your convenience and information . These websites may be operated by companies not affiliated with us . Linked websites , including those operated by Lowe 's , may have their own privacy notices , which we strongly suggest you review if you visit them . We are not responsible for the content of any websites that we do not control , any use of those websites or the privacy practices of those websites . Back to Top This Privacy Statement may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices or relevant laws . We will post a notice on Lowes.com and certain other parts of the Site to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Statement and indicate at the top of the Privacy Statement when it was updated . Back to Top We participate in the Council of Better Business Bureau 's BBBOnLine program . Further information about this program and its dispute resolution process is available at the Better Business Bureau 's website . Back to Top If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement , or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences , please contact us as indicated below . When you contact us about personal information we hold about you , please let us know where you provided us with the information . Lowe 's Customer Care Attn : Privacy Team CON8 P.O . Box 1111 North Wilkesboro , NC 28656 1-800-445-6937 customercare @ lowes.com 
Effective Date : May 7 , 2013 This Privacy Policy applies to personal and other information that may be collected when you interact with the Barnes & Noble enterprise which consists of ( a ) Barnes & Noble , Inc. and its subsidiaries , including their respective businesses and operations ( collectively , " Barnes & Noble " ) ; ( b ) businesses and operations managed or operated by Barnes & Noble ; ( c ) websites owned , operated and managed by Barnes & Noble , including each website that links to this Privacy Policy , and any digital content stores operated by Barnes & Noble ( collectively , " Barnes & Noble Websites " ) ; and ( d ) Barnes & Noble 's devices , content and applications . Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority at Barnes & Noble , and we believe that a single , comprehensive privacy policy that is straightforward and clear is in the best interests of our customers and our businesses . More detailed information about specific practices regarding Barnes & Noble and NOOK mobile devices ( " Devices " ) and mobile applications developed and maintained by Barnes & Noble and NOOK ( " Apps " ) is contained in the Barnes & Noble Mobile Privacy Supplement which is incorporated into , and subject to , this Privacy Policy . To review the prior version of Barnes & Noble 's Privacy Policy , please click here . By doing business with or interacting with Barnes & Noble in the manner described in this Privacy Policy at any time , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you consent to the application of this Privacy Policy to the collection , storage , use and disclosure of all your personal and other information as described . Special Note : On October 4 , 2012 , Barnes & Noble underwent a corporate reorganization resulting in its digital and College businesses becoming owned by Barnes & Noble 's majority owned subsidiary NOOK Media LLC and its subsidiaries ( collectively " NOOK Media " ) . These current privacy policies and the privacy practices described herein apply to personal information previously collected from you by Barnes & Noble , Inc. and each of its subsidiaries , including NOOK Media , as well as personal information that they may collect from you in the future . Please be advised that NOOK Media intends to launch one or more of its own websites in the future for purposes of operating its digital and College businesses . NOOK Media expects to post privacy policies applicable to those websites when they are launched . Barnes & Noble reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time , but you can be assured that , should it be necessary to do so , we will always do so in accordance with the Barnes & Noble Privacy Principles of Clarity , Security and Integrity . You will be notified of any material changes to this Privacy Policy which are less protective of customer information prior to such changes becoming effective . We may notify you of these changes by email reminders , by notice on this site , or by other acceptable means . We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices . Clarity : We strive to communicate clearly about your privacy and how we handle your personal information . Security : We follow security standards , processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information . Integrity : We do not sell or rent your personal information and respect your preferences with respect to your personal information . Below you will find answers to the following frequently asked questions about how we collect , use and share your personal information :  1 . What is the personal information that we collect ? 2 . Why do we collect personal information ? 3 . How do we collect your personal information ? 4 . How do we use personal information ? 5 . With whom do we share personal information ? 6 . How do we secure personal information ? 7 . How do we respect your choices about your personal information ? 8 . Whom do I contact if I have questions or concerns ? 9 . What other information about Barnes & Noble 's Privacy Policy would I want to know ? Depending on how you choose to interact with the Barnes & Noble enterprise , we may collect personal information from you , for example your name , e-mail address , billing address , shipping address , phone number , credit card information , date of birth and other persistent identifiers that can be used to personally identify you . If you rent , purchase or otherwise place orders for textbooks from Barnes & Noble College Booksellers , we may also collect your student or faculty identification number , financial aid number , your driver license number and information regarding courses you enroll in or teach . We may also collect other personal information regarding your interaction with Barnes & Noble Websites , Devices and Apps , including usage information , the items that you browse , purchase , download , read , watch and otherwise access , and your geographic location . For further details about personal information collected through Apps and Devices , please read the Barnes & Noble Mobile Privacy Supplement . We collect your personal information in an effort to provide you with a superior customer experience and , as necessary , to administer our business . It allows us to provide you with easy access to our products and services , with a particular focus on the items and programs that may be of most interest to you . For more information as to why we collect personal information , please see the section below entitled : " How do we use your personal information ? "  Your personal information also allows us to communicate with you about special offers , promotions , and other marketing programs and news that may be of interest to you . You always have the opportunity to unsubscribe from promotional emails by following the instructions included in each marketing email or by changing your preferences in your account . ( a ) Information that you provide to us As a general matter , you can browse in our stores and on the Barnes & Noble Websites without submitting your personal information to us , although we may receive and collect certain personal information automatically , as outlined in Section 3 ( b ) of this Privacy Policy , including site analytics regarding our websites , information your Internet browser automatically sends when you visit our websites , and information collected by cookies . Making a purchase or placing an order Creating an account or joining the Member Loyalty Program Applying for a Barnes & Noble MasterCard Signing up for Invite-a-Friend Emails Using specific features of your Device Contacting customer service Additional Barnes & Noble Website , Device or App Features Interacting with social networking sites Entering a sweepstakes or contest For your convenience , we have provided a summary description of each of these circumstances below . Making a purchase or placing an order When you make a purchase , rent or place an order in our stores , place an order online or purchase , download , rent or stream books , periodicals , movies , television shows and other digital content ( " Digital Content " ) , you may need to submit personal information to us . Creating an account or joining the Member Loyalty Program In order to use Devices , certain Apps and features of Barnes & Noble Websites , or to purchase or access Digital Content , you may be required to create a password-protected user account and provide us with personal information when you do so . Similarly , when you enroll in our Member Loyalty Program , we will ask you to submit personal information as part of your member profile . We will store and use this information to administer the programs and services in which you choose to participate , and as permitted by this Privacy Policy . Applying for a Barnes & Noble MasterCard When you apply for a Barnes & Noble MasterCard , you will need to submit personal information directly to the issuer of the MasterCard . Personal information that you provide directly to the issuer is subject to the bank 's privacy policies , practices and procedures , not Barnes & Noble 's . In addition , we disclose certain personal information to the issuer of the MasterCard in connection with the administration of the Barnes & Noble MasterCard program . The issuer does not have the right to use the personal information we provide beyond what is necessary to assist us or to administer this program . The issuer is contractually obliged to maintain the confidentiality and security of the personal information we provide and is restricted from using such information in any way not expressly authorized by us . Signing up for Invite-a-Friend Features Our Invite-a-Friend feature is located in various areas of certain Barnes & Noble Websites and within certain Devices . By clicking on ' Email ' or ' Find friends from contacts ' on your Device , customers can email a link to a friend which will invite the friend to view the Barnes & Noble Website page or attend the event described on that page . The ' Find friends from contacts ' feature on the Device may access the contacts you have entered into your Device in order to generate such emails . To remove yourself from these mailings , please call our Customer Service Center at 1-800-THE-BOOK ( 1-800-824-2665 ) . Individuals calling from abroad should call us at 1-201-559-3882 . Using specific features of Barnes & Noble Websites , Devices and Apps Barnes & Noble Websites , Devices and Apps may provide you with the ability to enter ( either directly , or by authorizing Barnes & Noble to download the information from a third party such as a social networking website ) your information such as your contacts , calendar entries or photos , or images you may submit to us to help us locate products for you . For further details about personal information collected through Devices and Apps , please read the Barnes & Noble Mobile Privacy Supplement . Contacting Customer Service When you contact customer service , we may ask you to provide , or confirm , personal information so that we can better serve you . Additional Website , Device or App Features From time to time we may offer or provide new or additional Barnes & Noble Website , Device or App features and functionality . Such features or functionality may request or require you to submit personal information to us in order to use such feature or functionality . Entering a Sweepstakes or Contest If you enter a sweepstakes or contest we offer , we may ask you to provide personal information so that we can consider your entry and , if you win , so that you may redeem your prize . Interacting with Social Networking Sites Our Devices and Apps may provide you with the ability to enter ( directly , or by authorizing us to download the information from a third party such as a social networking site or application ) personal information such as contacts or lists of friends . These or related applications may also allow you to provide information directly to social networking sites including information about your purchases , physical location , or comments . However , we will not provide any of your information to social networking sites without your express consent . ( b ) Information automatically collected There are circumstances in which we automatically receive and collect information from you . The most common sources of this information include :  Cookies Pixel tags or clear Graphics Interchange Format files , known as GIFs Your Device or Apps you use Wireless networks operated by Barnes & Noble in retail stores Business partners , contractors , shared databases , and other third parties who may occasionally share information with us , including UltraViolet For your convenience , we have provided a summary description of each of these circumstances below . Information automatically collected when you visit Barnes & Noble Websites When you visit a Barnes & Noble Website , we automatically record information that your browser sends us . For example , we may receive and collect : the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet ; the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the computer you are using ; the date and time you access the Barnes & Noble Website ; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the Barnes & Noble Website . We may also collect information regarding search queries run on the Barnes & Noble Website . We use this information to monitor the usage of the Barnes & Noble Websites and as necessary for our business . Information collected using cookies Like many online retailers , we and/or our third party providers use cookies to recognize you as you use or return to the Barnes & Noble Websites . This is done so that we can personalize and enhance your browsing and shopping experience . " Cookies " are small files that we place on your computer 's hard drive to collect information about your activities on a Barnes & Noble Website . Cookies help us to : ( 1 ) speed navigation , keep track of items in your shopping bag and provide you with content that is tailored to you ; ( 2 ) remember information you gave us so that you do not have to re-enter it ; ( 3 ) determine the effectiveness of some of our and our third party partners ' marketing efforts and communications ; and ( 4 ) monitor the total number of visitors , pages viewed , and the total number of banners displayed . Browsers are typically set to create cookies automatically . You can choose to have your browser notify you when cookies are being written to your computer or accessed , or you can disable cookies entirely . If you disable cookies , however , you will not be able to place items in a Barnes & Noble Website shopping bag , and therefore you will not be able to place an order with us online . Also , by not using cookies , some Barnes & Noble Website features and services may not function properly . Additionally , we work with a third party service provider to help us better understand how you use the Barnes & Noble Websites . This third party service provider will place cookies on your computer to collect information such as how you were referred to the Barnes & Noble Website , how you navigated around the Barnes & Noble Website , what you purchased and what traffic is driven by banner ads and emails . This information will help us to better serve you and provide you with more personalized information and product offerings . We do not allow this third party service provider to collect your credit card information , e-mail address or password information . This third party service provider may only use your personal information to perform services for us and may not share your personal information with anyone else , or use it for any other purpose , except on an aggregated , non- personally identifiable basis . For more information , please view this third party 's privacy policy . You may choose to opt-out of this third party 's analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior on such Barnes & Noble Website . To do so , please click here . By doing business with or interacting with Barnes & Noble , you consent to the use of the tracking technologies as described above . Information collected in connection with marketing e-mails and using pixel tags or clear GIFs To help us understand the effectiveness of certain of our communications and marketing efforts , we may use sensing technologies that use pixel tags or clear GIFs ( which are also called web beacons ) . These technologies allow us to determine the effectiveness of our e-mail and advertising and marketing efforts . For this purpose , we tie the pixel tags and clear gifs to personally identifiable information . We may also collect information regarding the links within such marketing materials that you click on and purchase statistics regarding items you buy following receipt of such marketing . Information collected from Devices or Apps When you use a Device or our Apps , we automatically collect information through the Device or App when it is connected to the Internet . For example , we may receive and collect information concerning device registration , settings , usage , firmware version , signal strength , search queries , network interaction , the name of the network from which you access the Internet , the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the device you are using , unique device identifiers ( UDIDs ) , downloads , sideloaded content , configuration , or service information relating to any malfunction of the Device or App . This may include information regarding your reading or , in the case of videos , viewing behavior on such Devices or Apps , such as books or videos opened , page turns , bookmarks , annotations , or customer reviews . In addition , to provide location-based services on Devices or through Apps , Barnes & Noble and third party application providers may automatically collect real-time geographic location information or other location-based information about you and your Device or other mobile device on which the App is installed . This information may be used to provide certain device or application functionality or to offer , provide and improve products and services . For more information about information collected through Devices and Apps , please read the Barnes & Noble Mobile Privacy Supplement . Information collected from outside sources We may collect personal information and other information about you from business partners , contractors and other third parties . This includes , but is not limited to , instances in which you affirmatively authorize third parties to provide us with information . Such information may be collected via , but not limited to , software applications that you download or use on your Device or that otherwise allow you to interact with the Barnes & Noble enterprise . For example , if you link your UltraViolet account with your account with us , we may collect certain information regarding movies or television shows you have purchased from third parties as part of your UltraViolet collection of digital content . If you rent or purchase textbooks from Barnes & Noble College Booksellers , we may also collect information about you from your college or university . This information may be used for a number of purposes including providing our services to you , sending postal mail and e-mail , fulfilling orders , removing repetitive or unnecessary information from customer lists , analyzing data , providing marketing support , customer authentication , providing search results and links ( including paid listings and links ) , providing customer service and processing credit card payments . Information collected from UltraViolet If you link your account with us to your UltraViolet account , we may collect information regarding UltraViolet-enabled movies and television shows you have purchased from third party retailers . This will enable you to download or stream movies or television shows from us that you have purchased from us from such third parties . For more information , please view the UltraViolet privacy policy located at www.uvvu.com . Information collected from visitors from outside the United States If you are visiting Barnes & Noble or a Barnes & Noble Website from outside the United States and provide us with personal information , please note that your personal information will be transferred , stored and processed within the United States . Additionally , Barnes & Noble may transfer your personal information to other countries , for example because a server or third party service provider is located there . The data protection and privacy laws of other countries , including the United States , may not afford you the same level of protection as those in your own country . Barnes & Noble will take appropriate steps to protect your information . By doing business or interacting with Barnes & Noble , you are consenting to the transfer , storage , and processing of your personal information to and within facilities located in the United States and other facility locations selected by Barnes & Noble . Barnes & Noble uses your personal information to provide you with a superior customer experience and , as necessary , to administer our business . For example , we use your personal information to :  Provide you with products , services and information , including product and subject recommendations and other information in Barnes & Noble retail stores , through e-mails from the Barnes & Noble enterprise , and on the Barnes & Noble Websites and online interactive communities , your Devices , Digital Content , Apps and software , and display associated content and advertising ;  Administer our programs ;  Provide customer service ;  Conduct research and perform analysis in order to measure , maintain , protect , develop and improve our products and services ;  Administer sweepstakes , contests , promotions or surveys and provide appropriate notifications ;  Communicate with you about special offers , events , or new products or services that may be of interest to you ;  Customize and enhance the Barnes & Noble Websites and advertising ;  Make communications necessary to notify you regarding security , privacy , and administrative issues ; and Manage our business . Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority at Barnes & Noble . Barnes & Noble DOES NOT SELL OR RENT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES provided that your data may be transferred to or shared with a third party as part of a sale , merger , or acquisition of Barnes & Noble or one of its affilliates ( see " Sales , Mergers , and Acquisitions " below ) . Barnes & Noble shares your personal information with :  Other entities within the Barnes & Noble enterprise . Many of our customers purchase items from us both online and in our stores . In addition , Barnes & Noble owns and operates other operations and businesses and we share and use your personal information with our other business units and operations and may continue to do so even after such business units or operations are sold . We share your personal information within the Barnes & Noble enterprise ( i ) to help to ensure that you have a superior shopping or browsing experience no matter where you choose to shop or browse with us , ( ii ) to provide customer support and related services , ( iii ) to provide other services and products that might be of interest to you , ( iv ) to provide and/or manage certain cross-company promotions or programs ( e.g. to honor your Barnes & Noble Member Program rewards ) , ( v ) to facilitate purchases of Devices or content ( or other products ) from within the Barnes & Noble enterprise , ( vi ) if we provide you with in store services and/or customer support for Devices and content , ( vii ) in connection with our commercial arrangements and business relationships within the Barnes & Noble enterprise , and ( viii ) as otherwise reasonably determined to provide a comprehensive retail and digital content experience for our joint customers . Partners . We provide personal information to our partners that provide product and service offerings or technologies that we think may be of interest to you . Our partnerships may also result in products and services that allow you to publish Digital Content that may be shared with our partners . We may offer you the opportunity to opt-in to receive information from our partners , which may result in your personal information being shared with our partners . The use of your information by our partners and their vendors and contractors will be subject to the privacy policies of our vendors once such information is transferred . Microsoft Corporation . As part of our ongoing partnership with Microsoft Corporation ( " Microsoft " ) , we may share your personal information with Microsoft and its affiliates and subsidiaries under certain circumstances . If you consent to such sharing ( including , without limitation , in connection with using a Microsoft account ) , Microsoft may use your personal information to provide products and services to you related to your Device , Digital Content and Barnes & Noble and Microsoft services and products . These products and services may include , without limitation : ( i ) to enable purchases of Digital Content by you and provide Digital Content to you , ( ii ) to allow you to access , view and consume your Digital Content and provide related services to you , ( iii ) to publish certain Digital Content created by users and customers ( as may be more fully set forth in any applicable terms or policies related thereto ) , ( iv ) to create and manage cross company user accounts and applications related to your Devices and Digital Content , including in connection with the integration between the Microsoft user and ID systems and Microsoft commerce platform and our products and services , ( v ) to offer joint product or service offerings , ( vi ) to provide customer support , ( vii ) to provide information to you regarding Microsoft product and service offerings , and ( viii ) as otherwise reasonably determined by us . Please note that any information provided to Microsoft will be treated by Microsoft in accordance with its applicable privacy policies in effect from time to time . Please refer to Microsoft 's website for information related to Microsoft 's collection , use and sharing of information that it obtains . Service providers , subcontractors and agents who perform services on our behalf . We provide personal information to third party service providers , subcontractors , and agents that work under contract on our behalf to provide certain services . These third parties do not have the right to use personal information we provide to them in any way that is not authorized by Barnes & Noble . They are contractually obligated to use such information only as necessary to assist us and to maintain the confidentiality and security of such information . Third party providers of products and services . These are third parties that provide products and services you may purchase or request from or through us . These third parties do not have the right to use personal information we provide to them in any way that is not authorized by Barnes & Noble . They are contractually obligated to use such information only as necessary to assist us and to maintain the confidentiality and security of such information . UltraViolet . If you purchase UltraViolet-enabled movies or television shows from us , we may provide you with the opportunity to link your account with us to your UltraViolet account . This will enable you to download or stream movies or television shows that you have purchased from us from third party retailers who are part of the UltraViolet content ecosystem . For more information , please view the UltraViolet privacy policy located at www.uvvu.com . Third Party Membership Programs . We work with certain third party entities to help them administer their own membership or rewards programs by providing them with purchasing information about their customers who make purchase from Barnes & Noble . We disclose only the information that is necessary to make these third party programs work and to support your membership in them . This information usually includes your name and e-mail address as well as the dollar amount of the purchases made at Barnes & Noble . We require such entities to obtain your consent before we provide them with this information , which they usually do as part of their own membership or participation rules . Credit Card Companies . Credit card transactions are handled by third party financial institutions and their vendors and contractors who receive credit card numbers and other personal information from us to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions . Although Barnes & Noble 's treatment of this information is governed by this policy , the use of your information by the third party financial institutions and their vendors and contractors will be subject to their own privacy policies . Law enforcement officials and as required by law . Barnes & Noble may release personal information to third parties when we determine , in our judgment , that it is necessary to ( a ) comply with the law , regulation , legal process , or enforceable governmental request ; ( b ) enforce or apply the terms of any of our policies or user agreements ; or ( c ) protect the rights , property or safety of Barnes & Noble , our employees , our customers , users , or others . Co-branded offerings . In some instances , we may offer a service or feature that is co-branded by Barnes & Noble and a third party company . If you provide information in connection with such co-branded service or feature , that information may be shared between Barnes & Noble and the third party . Although Barnes & Noble 's treatment of the information is governed by this policy , the third party 's treatment of your information will be subject to the third party 's privacy policy . Other websites operated by Barnes & Noble . In some instances , we may operate a Barnes & Noble Website on behalf of a third party . If you provide information in connection with a Barnes & Noble Website operated by Barnes & Noble on behalf of a third party , that information may be shared between Barnes & Noble and the third party . Although Barnes & Noble 's treatment of the information is governed by this policy , the third party 's treatment of your information will be subject to the third party 's privacy policy . Your college or university . Barnes & Noble College Booksellers may offer the ability to rent or purchase products or services through financial aid , student loans or similar programs . We may share your information with your college or university , lenders or other providers in order to process payments if you choose these payment methods . Sales , Mergers , and Acquisitions . If Barnes & Noble becomes involved in a merger , acquisition , restructuring , reorganization , or any form of sale or other disposition of some or all of its assets , personal information and your transaction history may be provided to the entities and advisors involved subject to a confidentiality agreement , and we will provide notice to you at your email address on file before any personal information is finally transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy . Such a transaction may involve us ( i ) retaining the right to continue to use transferred personal information in addition to the right of the transferee to use such information , and ( ii ) engaging in additional transfers of personal information ( including new personal information ) with the transferee from time to time following such a transaction . To Fulfill Your Requests For Products or Services In connection with some Digital Content orders , in order to complete your transaction , we may need to forward your name , magazine , catalog or newspaper order , email address , and shipping or billing address to our content providers . The content providers will share your magazine , catalog or newspaper order information as well as your name and address , or name and e-mail and shipping or billing addresses with the magazine , catalog or newspaper publisher and magazine , catalog or newspaper circulation auditors . Magazine , catalog and newspaper publishers may use this information to fulfill your order and for other purposes . Your credit card information will not be shared with them . In connection with purchases of certain Digital Content , we may need to forward information about you ( including , for example , your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ) to the Digital Content provider in order to enable you to download or purchase Digital Content from or through that provider . In each such instance , the Digital Content provider is obligated to use such information in accordance with its own privacy policy and applicable law . We take significant and appropriate security measures , including physical , technological and procedural measures , to help to safeguard your personal information and to prevent unauthorized access and disclosure . In addition , we use industry-standard technology , such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption technology in the transmission of certain sensitive personal information , designed to prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information , and , as technology develops , we intend to take additional measures to improve security . We want you to feel confident whenever you visit us in our stores , on the Barnes & Noble Websites , or use Barnes & Noble Devices or Apps . While we are focused on the security of your personal information and follow strict standards , processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information , you must remember that the Internet is a global communications vehicle open to threats , viruses and intrusions from others and so we can not promise , and you should not expect , that we will be able to protect your personal information at all times and in all circumstances . When you interact with Barnes & Noble in certain ways , you may be eligible to receive certain marketing-related and promotional communications as well as special offers ( collectively " Promotional Communications " ) from Barnes & Noble that may include advertisements from third parties . The most common of these circumstances include :  Making a purchase or download or placing an order Creating an account Joining a Barnes & Noble online community Enrolling in our Member program Signing up for Newsletters Signing up with eBookstores operated by Barnes & Noble Entering a sweepstakes or a contest Where you have consented to receiving Promotional Communications from the Barnes & Noble enterprise , you may choose to opt-out at any time by following the instructions below . For Barnes & Noble Booksellers : At any time , a customer may choose to opt-out of the receipt of any promotional communications by clicking on the opt-out link provided at the bottom of each e-mail and following the instructions , or by e-mailing our Customer Service Department by clicking here . For Barnes & Noble College Booksellers : At any time , a customer may choose to opt-out of the receipt of any promotional communications by clicking on the opt-out link provided at the bottom of each e-mail and following the instructions . For barnesandnoble.com : Any account holder can opt-out of the receipt of any promotional communications by logging onto their Account and following the instructions under " Communication Preferences " . If you do not have a barnesandnoble.com account , you may opt-out of the receipt of such communications by selecting the link at the bottom of any promotional e-mail communication and following the instructions . For Barnes & Noble Member program : Any Member can opt-out of the receipt of any Member program promotional communications by logging on to their barnesandnoble.com Account and following the instructions under " Change Your Communication Preferences. "  If you do not have a barnesandnoble.com account , you may opt-out of the receipt of such communications by selecting the link at the bottom of any promotional e-mail communication and following the instructions . For Barnes & Noble Educator program : Any Educator can opt-out of the receipt of any promotional communications by logging on to their barnesandnoble.com Account , clicking " Communication Preferences , " and following instructions under " Change Communication Preferences. "  If you do not have a barnesandnoble.com account , you may opt-out of the receipt of such communications by clicking on the opt-out link provided at the bottom of each e-mail and following the instructions . If no opt-out link exists reply to the email with the word " Remove " in the subject line , or by e-mailing our Customer Service Department by clicking here . For the Barnes & Noble Gift Card website : Any customer of the Barnes & Noble Gift Card website who receives promotional communications can opt-out of the receipt of any such communications by clicking on the opt-out link provided at the bottom of each e-mail and following the instructions or by sending an e-mail to giftcardprefs @ bn.com . For SparkNotes.com : Any SparkNotes.com customer who does not wish to receive promotional product and service communications can choose to remove their contact information from SparkNotes.com contact list by following the instructions listed on www.sparknotes.com . For Sterling Publishing : If , at any time , you wish to no longer receive ENewsletters from Sterling Publishing Co. , Inc. , Pixiq , Lark Crafts , and/or FlashKids.com , please click on the link for opt-out instructions contained at the bottom of each ENewsletter . You can change your personal information and your communication preferences when you follow this link . Even if you opt-out of receiving Promotional Communications , you may continue to receive e-mails relating to order confirmations , back order notifications , membership information , and/or other business-related communications . Note for Community Users Barnes & Noble provides you with the ability to access , correct , change or request deletion of the personal information in your community profile ( s ) at any time by following the instructions below . We will respond to all access requests within 30 days . However , you can not currently change your profile name although you may re-register and choose a new name . To review or modify your profile information , please click here . Please be advised that Barnes & Noble may archive information it collects on its community and visitors . Additionally , by participating in the Barnes & Noble online interactive community , and using Barnes & Noble 's various interactive offerings , including , the submission of customer reviews , or participation in the Barnes & Noble Book Clubs , you agree to receive communications from Barnes & Noble , other users , and moderators related to the provision of these services . You may access , correct or change the personal information in your community profile ( s ) on Lark Crafts and Pixiq at any time . To review or modify your profile information , log in to larkcrafts.com or pixiq.com . Additionally , by using Lark Crafts and/or Pixiq 's various interactive offerings , you agree to receive communications from Barnes & Noble , Lark Crafts , Pixiq , other users , and moderators related to the provision of these services . You may also access , correct or change the personal information in your community profile ( s ) on SparkNotes.com at any time , except to change your username . To review or modify your profile information , log in to SparkNotes.com . Additionally , by using SparkNotes.com 's various interactive offerings , you agree to receive communications from Barnes & Noble , SparkNotes , other users , and moderators related to the provision of these services . We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with services . We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at privacy @ barnesandnoble.com or call customer service at 1-800-THE-BOOK [ 1-800-843-2665 ] . Barnes & Noble Policies for Minors , including children under the age of 13 . Barnes & Noble is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the collection , storage and use of personal information of Minors under the age of 13 , including the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 . Except as noted below : ( i ) our products and services are marketed for and directed towards purchase by adults or with the consent of adults ; ( ii ) Individuals under the age of 18 ( " Minors " ) are not permitted to use Barnes & Noble Websites or Apps without the supervision of a parent or legal guardian ; ( iii ) we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for an online account or to post personal information on the Barnes & Noble Websites ; and ( iv ) should we learn that someone under the age of 13 has provided any personal information to or on any of the Barnes & Noble Websites , we will remove that information as soon as possible . If we direct certain Devices features or Apps to Minors who may be under the age of 13 , we require the parent or legal guardian to provide verifiable consent to such Minor 's use of our products and services and our collection of personal information in connection with such use . In these cases , we require validation of credit card information already on file with us and we will then e-mail the master account holder to give notice that we have received such consent . If no credit card information is on file , or if the credit card is invalid , we will not register that you have consented . With your consent , we may collect , use and share information regarding Minors under the age of 13 consistent with this Privacy Policy . Please see the sections above for detailed information on how we do so . If you are a parent or guardian who believes that your Minor under the age of 13 has submitted personal information or other information to us without your consent , please contact privacy @ barnesandnoble.com . Once we verify that you are the parent or legal guardian , at your request , we will promptly provide to you information regarding what , if any , personal information we have collected about your child and how it has been used or shared . We will , at your request , remove personal information about your child from its database and instruct our affiliates and third party partners to do the same . Your access rights and updates to your information You have the right to ask us not to use your personal information for direct marketing purposes . You also have the right to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies rectified . Please note that , as permitted by law , we may charge a nominal fee for information requests and may require you to prove your identity . Following a request , we will use reasonable efforts to supply , correct or delete personal information about you in our files . Please address written requests and questions about this to privacy @ barnesandnoble.com . We will respond to all access requests within 30 days . Third Party Applications : We are not responsible for third party applications you may download and install on your Devices . While Barnes & Noble uses reasonable efforts to ensure that applications offered through our Application Stores meet compatibility and safety testing criteria , this Privacy Policy does not cover any data collection , use , or sharing by mobile device manufacturers , network service providers or third party application providers , unless such party has entered into a separate agreement with us as a business partner to share your personal information . In such a case , we would require our business partner to disclose their data collection and sharing practices with you , and obtain your prior affirmative consent . Our use of any shared data under such an agreement would then be governed by our privacy policy . All other collection of personal information by a third party application provider shall be subject to the terms of such provider 's privacy policy . Third Party Websites and Web-Tracking We may partner with third party distributors of advertisements to deliver advertisements about our products and services when you visit other websites across the Internet . These distributors of advertisements may place or access cookies on your computer which help us provide you with advertisements that are customized to your particular product preferences and improve the effectiveness of our marketing efforts . If you would like to learn more about the third party advertisers that may be aware of the fact that you visit Barnes & Noble Websites , and to understand your choices about having such advertisers ' cookies turned off , please visit www.networkadvertising.org . Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising . You will continue to receive generic ads . Please understand that Barnes & Noble does not control these third party cookies , and you should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies . Whenever you click on links and banners on any Barnes & Noble Website that take you to a third party website , you will be subject to the third party 's privacy policies , not Barnes & Noble 's . This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Barnes & Noble enterprise . In addition , our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Barnes & Noble . If you submit personal information to any of those sites , your information is governed by their privacy policies . We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit . Safe Harbor Barnes & Noble 's privacy policy has been reviewed by TRUSTe for transparency , accountability and choice for our collection and use of your personal information . If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us at privacy @ barnesandnoble.com . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . Barnes & Noble complies with the U.S. - E.U . Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from , respectively , European Union member countries and Switzerland . Barnesandnoble.com LLC has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Barnes & Noble 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ Terms of Use Any dispute between you and us regarding the privacy of your personal information is subject to this Privacy Policy and the terms of use or terms of service applicable to our product or service you use , including limitation on damages , resolution of disputes , and application of the law of the State of New York . Contact Information The address for Barnes & Noble is 122 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 10011 . The address for NOOK Media is 76 Ninth Avenue , New York , NY 10011 
Last updated 9/17/12 H&M values you as a customer and respects your privacy . This website is operated by hm.com , and this privacy policy applies to any of H&M 's website that link to this policy ( collectively as Website ) . This Privacy Policy explains what personal information is collected through this Website , how that information is used , to whom it 's disclosed , and how it 's safeguarded . By " personal information " , we mean your identifying information ( like name , home address , and email address ) , and descriptive information ( like preferences ) ( " personally identifying information " ) . Your access and use of the Website constitute your acceptance of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use including any of their changes or revisions . We do not sell your information to any third party for any reason . Additionally , we do not disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties . We may share your personal information with third parties or affiliates of H&M with whom we have contracted to perform services on our behalf or to complete a transaction you authorized . All companies that act on our behalf are contractually obligated to keep the personal information we share only to provide the services we ask them to perform . This Privacy Policy addresses the following issues :  What personal information is collected at our website and how is it used ? How does this website interact with third-party web sites and content ? What information do we share with third parties ? What choices do you have over how your information is used ? What is the policy for visitors outside the U.S. ? How may I update my personal information ? How do we address Children 's privacy ? How do I know my personal information is secure ? Who may I contact with questions and concerns regarding this policy ? Because we continue to develop our Website and improve the service we provide , our policies will change over time . If you are registered with our Website , we may notify you by email of material changes of our Privacy Policy . You may exercise your choice about how we collect and use your information consistent with this Policy at any time . If you have any questions about our Policy , please contact us TOLL-FREE at 855- HNM SHOP ( 855-466-7467 ) . Under California 's " Shine the Light " law , California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal , family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared , if any , with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses . If applicable , this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year ( e.g. , residents who makes the request in 2011 will receive information regarding 2010 sharing activities ) . To obtain this information , please send an e-mail message via http : //www.hm.com/us/contact with " Request for California Privacy Information " on the subject line and in the body of your message . We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response . Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the " Shine the Light " requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response . If you prefer to receive such information via regular first-class mail , please send a written request to the address below . H&M 8587 West Sunset Blvd . Suite 6.2 , West Hollywood , CA 90069 Attention Legal Department 1 . Information Collected Directly From You Through This Website We collect personal information directly from you to do all the things typically associated with e-commerce websites . Examples of the information we collect include name , address , telephone number , age , size , gender , interests , personal preferences , demographical information , email address , credit card number , and purchase information . This information is collected at various places : for instance , when you open an account on the Website ; check out with your online order ; subscribe to catalogs , email offers , and mobile messaging offers ; participate in surveys , contests , or sweepstakes ; apply for the H&M Credit Card ; interact with H&M through special events ( apply for a job , communicate with Customer Service or respond to program offers ) ; partake in forums , bulletin boards or other online means for posting your comments , feedback , images , or content on the Website ; or browsing through contents of the Website . We may combine all of this with information about you that we acquire from our joint marketing partners and from other unrelated third parties . We also collect information about those you knowwhen you provide it to us . For example , we collect your gift recipient 's contact information to process your gift orders . We use this information to personalize your online experience at our Website : process your online orders ( including sending emails to confirm your order status and shipment date ) ; communicate with you about our products , services , contests , and promotions ( unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications ) ; improve our products and services ; analyze trends and statistics ; protect the security or integrity of our website and our business ; personalize your online experience with content and offers that are tailored to your interests ; notify you regarding surveys and contests ; enable you to post information on our Website ; facilitate online social activity centered around our products and services ; or enable you to interact with third-party content service providers whether by linking to their sites , viewing their content within our Web environment , or by viewing our content within their Web environment . If you e-mail a wish list to a friend , we will not retain the names or e-mail addresses of the recipient of your wish list . You always have the choice not to receive marketing information or calls . You will find instructions on opting out in our newsletters and on your online profile at My H&M. 2 . Technical Information Collected A. Navigational Information When you visit this Website , we collect navigational information , such as browser type and version , service-provider identification , IP address , the site from which you came , and the site to which you navigate . B. Cookies and Related Technology To better understand what you do while on our Website , we use a browser feature known as a cookie . A cookie is a small data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer . It is used to do things like see how you navigate our Website , and remember you and your online purchases when you return . This helps us improve our site , provide better customer service , personalize your online experience , and personalize offers to you based on your unique tastes and purchase history . We also use pixel tags ( also known as clear gifs or web beacons ) on our Website and in our emails . A pixel tag is an embedded graphic image on a web page , web-based document or e-mail message . The pixel tags is used to collect information about your visit , including the pages you view , which website you came from , the features you use , the links you click , and other actions you take in connection with the sites . Pixel tags in e-mails help us confirm the receipt of , and response to , our emails , including those that you forward to friends and family ; and they help deliver a more personalized online experience . This technology allows us to associate your online navigational or transactional information with any personal information you provide ( such as name , address , phone number , and email address ) . As an example , we may use cookies to keep track of what you put into your shopping bag . That can help us contact you if your online session is disrupted in mid-purchase , resulting in an abandoned cart . We can also use this technology to determine whether you would be interested in participating in special events , given your preferences . The end result is a more personalized experience that 's tailored to your needs and tastes . You can disable or delete cookies by changing your browser settings . However , because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of H&M 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on . For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to Checkout , or use any H&M products and services that require you to sign in . 3 . Information Others Observe or Collect through Technology Third-party service providers help us analyze our visitor 's site and purchase preferences , and may help us deliver ads to you about our products through banner ads when you visit other websites ( often referred to as " online network advertising " ) . The following provides more information about these service providers and the choices you have with respect to their services . A. Analysis We contract with analytics companies to better understand your use of our Websites , and web capabilities like embeddable widgets . They accomplish this by using some or all of the technologies described in Section 2 above ( Technical Information CollectedCookies and Related Technology ) . B. Advertising We contract with third-party advertising companies that , in turn , collect non-personally identifying information by placing cookies on your browser when you visit us here . These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , credit card information , e-mail address , or telephone number ) about your visit to deliver our ads on this and other websites through their online advertising networks . These companies also provide this information to us which we , in turn , use to gauge how effective our ads are . We may enable you to navigate to third-party sites and services , or otherwise display third-party content . We do this for your convenience . We do not endorse or generally have any affiliation with these third parties . Whether their content appears within our web environment ( like a map frame ) , or you leave our Website for another site to view it , those service provider 's terms , conditions , and privacy policies govern your online experience . Please view their terms of service and privacy policies if you have any question about their practices . Here 's a partial list of third-party sites or content that may appear on our Website : 1 . Interactive Maps We may facilitate easy access to the online maps of third party content providers so you can quickly retrieve information regarding location , hours of operation , and contact information for our stores . 2 . Sweepstakes , Contests , and Survey Sites We may rely on the expertise of third-party service providers to run sweepstakes , contests , and surveys . Navigation to these sites may be seamless so that it appears you are still in our Website environment . 3 . Social Networking or Other User-Generated-Content Sites , and Other Websites We may at times facilitate easy access to third-party sites , like social networking sites and other sites that host user-generated content . This may include easy click-through access or even " single-sign on " to these sites . The third-party 's privacy policy applies to any personal information you provide at these sites . 4 . Third-Party Rewards or Membership Programs We may interact with certain unrelated companies that offer their customers memberships to participate in programs , which may include rewards for purchases from us . If you become a member of one of these programs or purchase something from us at this Website through such a program , we may provide the company administering the membership program enough information about you or your purchase ( like contact information , transaction date , transaction amount , and order number ) , to enable it to honor your membership . 1 . Third Party Websites The above third-party websites and advertisers , or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf , may send advertisements that appear on our Website directly to your browser and may use cookies and/or other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize the advertising content . We do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies that they may use or the privacy policy of these advertisers and third-party Websites . Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices . 2 . Contractors We use third-party " back-office " contractors to help handle parts of our business because of their expertise , resources , or scale . They help us do things like fulfill orders , process payments , monitor website activity , maintain databases , administer and monitor emails , administer and send mobile messages , and provide consulting and customer services . Contractors may also assist us in hosting micro sites and mobile websites where you may provide personal information about you and others you know ; and where they may observe information about you in the same way as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy . We do not authorize any of these service providers to make any other use or disclosure of your information . 3 . Public Safety , Law Enforcement and Fraud Prevention We may disclose specific information about our Website visitors to law enforcement entities , governmental agencies , courts or other entities , including credit reporting agencies if we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to protect our customers , the public , or our business . We may do so when ( 1 ) permitted or required by law , ( 2 ) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions , or ( 3 ) investigating fraud that has already taken place . These entities may access and , if necessary , record your information to assist us with fraud prevention and detection . We will never authorize the release of your information to or by such entities for any other purpose . 4 . With Your Consent Other than as set out above , you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information . Please note that when you make an online purchase from us , we will confirm your order status and shipment by email . We may also need to contact you via telephone , email or postal mail with questions or information regarding your order . You can always choose not to provide information , even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of features on the Website such as creating your profile , wish lists , and customer reviews . We use an opt-in standard for phone and text messages . Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your express consent . We use an opt-out standard for all other communications . Opt-out means we will conduct the activity unless you tell us not to . The above preferences do not apply to our credit card offerings since these are provided through our financial institution partners . You can always log into your online account at any time to change your preferences , including whether to opt-in or opt-out of certain services , or by contacting customer service . If you modify your preferences on whether to receive emails , mobile messages or other promotional materials from us , it may take up to a few weeks to process your request , during which time you will continue to receive communications from H&M. 1 . Email If at any time you 'd like to stop future delivery of our email offers , simply follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of the email messages we send you to complete the removal . This will stop future email offers from us , but will not stop operational or transactional messages such as email confirmations of your online orders , or customer service communications . 2 . Mobile Messaging We will not contact you via telephone or text message without your express consent by opting in . If you 've signed up for mobile messaging ( e.g. , SMS and MMS ) offers but later decide you no longer wish to receive them , simply follow the opt-out instructions included in the mobile message . Go to MY H&M and adjust your preferences to remove yourself from our SMS/MMS list . 3 . Cookies , Clear Gifs , and Online Network Advertising You may always choose to block cookies or clear cookies from your computer . Simply follow your browser 's instructions on how to block and clear cookies . Note that blocking cookies may not block the " first-party " cookies that are placed on your computer when you visit this site . By first-party cookies , we mean those cookies ( whether placed by us or a contractor ) that help us see how visitors use our site , and enable us to deliver our ads on our site ( as opposed to ads on an online advertising network of third-party websites ) . Clearing cookies after each visit here will prevent observations from multiple sessions being aggregated over time . Please consider the consequences of blocking or clearing cookies . Many websites , including this Website , rely on cookies to provide you with services or features that you have requested or expect . 4 . Our Affiliates If you do n't want your contact and purchase information shared between our affiliates please click here to contact us and request not to have your information shared . This is a U.S. e-commerce site . This Privacy Policy governs the information collected at this site irrespective of where you are located when you access it , browse it , interact with it , and make purchases through it ( including those that are shipped to addresses outside the U.S. ) . Moreover , governmental bodies that have jurisdiction ( e.g. , courts and law enforcement agencies ) may be entitled to access your personal information . This Privacy Policy applies to customer relationships established in the United States . Parts of this Privacy Policy may not apply to visitors outside the United States . Like almost every website , our Websites may be accessed by an international audience . If you are a non-U.S. visitor to our website , by visiting our website and providing us with data , you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy . In addition , such data may be stored on servers located in the United States and in Sweden , which may have less stringent privacy practices than those your own resident jurisdiction . By providing us with your data , you consent to transfer of such data from your geographic location to our servers located in the United States and in Sweden . As a global company , H&M has separate privacy policies for its international websites in different regions of the world . When you give us personal information on a website or in a store , the information may be sent to servers outside of the country where you provided the information . H&M takes steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy or any privacy policy that applies to an H&M international site or store where you provided your information . H&M.com is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union ( E.U. ) . We prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date . You may update or modify your billing- and shipping-related information by logging onto MY H&M . You may also update or modify your catalog mailing information by calling us TOLL-FREE at 855- HNM SHOP ( 855-466-7467 ) . Children are not eligible to use our Websites . We ask that minors ( under the age of 18 ) only use our Websites in conjunction with their parents or guardians . Children under 13 years of age should not send any information about themselves to H&M . If a child under 13 submits information through any part of our Website , and H&M becomes aware that the person submitting the information is a child , we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible . If a parent or guardian is made aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent , please contact us TOLL-FREE at 855- HNM SHOP ( 855-466-7467 ) or by e-mail http : //www.hm.com/us/contact and we will remove the information about the individual immediately . HOW DO I KNOW MY PERSONAL INFORMATION IS SECURE ? We do our best to provide you with a safe and convenient shopping experience . We have in place certain physical , electronic , contractual , and managerial safeguards to protect the security and privacy of your personal information . We use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology to protect your information as it is transmitted to us . To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information , look at the tool bar or lower left-hand or right-hand corner of your browser . If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock ( depending upon your browser ) , then SSL is active . To double-check for security , look at the URL or Location line of your browser . If you have accessed a secure server , the first characters of the address in that line should change from " http " to " https. "  If for any reason you can not access the secure server , or if you 're not quite comfortable shopping online at our Website , please contact our customer service for assistance . To protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer , be sure to close the browser and sign off the computer when finished using a shared computer . We maintain physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that are designed to guard our customers ' personal information . For example , for the security of your online visit to our Websites , we may make use of firewalls , encryption techniques and/or authentication procedures . Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure . As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , H&M can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk . In the event of a breach of the confidentiality or security of your personal information , we will notify you as necessary and to the extent possible so you can take appropriate protective steps . Unless you indicate otherwise , we may notify you under such circumstances using the email address you provided to us when you registered with our Websites . Your Online Account When setting up an online account at any of our websites , you will be prompted to select a password . The retrieval of personal information relating to you and your order history is only available to you if you provide the correct password that you have created , and all profile information , including your address book , is only available while you are logged in to your account . After providing your password , you can edit or delete your information at any time through the " my account " page . If you forget your password and notify us , a new password will be assigned and emailed to your email address . We will not give passwords out over the phone , nor will we email them to a different address than the one used to register . Your address book , located in the " my account " page of each website , is your personal storage space . We do not use the information in your address book to send email promotions or catalogs by mail . If you receive a suspected fraudulent email that makes use of the H&M name , please contact us via email by clicking here or call us TOLL-FREE at 855- HNM SHOP ( 855-466-7467 ) . H&M retains your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose ( s ) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws . Your consent to such purposes ( s ) remains valid after any termination of our relationship with you . If H&M should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company , or if H&M should decide to buy another business , or sell or reorganize part or all of H&M business , H&M may be required to disclose or transfer your personal information to prospective or actual purchasers and other parties . It is H&M 's practice to obtain appropriate protections for information disclosed in these types of transactions . H&M can not , however , guarantee that H&M 's Privacy Policy will remain unchanged if H&M is sold or merges with another company . If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy , please feel free to contact us at http : //www.hm.com/us/contact . Our Legal Services administers this policy . You may write to this person at : H&M 215 Park Avenue South , Floor 15 , New York , NY 10003 , attention Legal Department . 
Privacy Policy Last modified : December 20 , 2013 ( view archived versions ) There are many different ways you can use our services - to search for and share information , to communicate with other people or to create new content . When you share information with us , for example by creating a Google Account , we can make those services even better - to show you more relevant search results and ads , to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier . As you use our services , we want you to be clear how we 're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy . Our Privacy Policy explains :  What information we collect and why we collect it . How we use that information . The choices we offer , including how to access and update information . We 've tried to keep it as simple as possible , but if you 're not familiar with terms like cookies , IP addresses , pixel tags and browsers , then read about these key terms first . Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user , please do take the time to get to know our practices - and if you have any questions consult this page . Information we collect We collect information to provide better services to all of our users - from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak , to more complex things like which ads you 'll find most useful or the people who matter most to you online . We collect information in two ways :  Information you give us . For example , many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account . When you do , we 'll ask for personal information , like your name , email address , telephone number or credit card . If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer , we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile , which may include your name and photo . Information we get from your use of our services . We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them , like when you visit a website that uses our advertising services or you view and interact with our ads and content . This information includes :  Device information We may collect device-specific information ( such as your hardware model , operating system version , unique device identifiers , and mobile network information including phone number ) . Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account . Log information When you use our services or view content provided by Google , we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs . This may include :  details of how you used our service , such as your search queries . telephony log information like your phone number , calling-party number , forwarding numbers , time and date of calls , duration of calls , SMS routing information and types of calls . Internet protocol address . device event information such as crashes , system activity , hardware settings , browser type , browser language , the date and time of your request and referral URL. cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account . Location information When you use a location-enabled Google service , we may collect and process information about your actual location , like GPS signals sent by a mobile device . We may also use various technologies to determine location , such as sensor data from your device that may , for example , provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers . Unique application numbers Certain services include a unique application number . This number and information about your installation ( for example , the operating system type and application version number ) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers , such as for automatic updates . Local storage We may collect and store information ( including personal information ) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage ( including HTML 5 ) and application data caches . Cookies and anonymous identifiers We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service , and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device . We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners , such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites . How we use information we collect We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide , maintain , protect and improve them , to develop new ones , and to protect Google and our users . We also use this information to offer you tailored content - like giving you more relevant search results and ads . We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account . In addition , we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services . If other users already have your email , or other information that identifies you , we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information , such as your name and photo . When you contact Google , we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing . We may use your email address to inform you about our services , such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements . We use information collected from cookies and other technologies , like pixel tags , to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services . For example , by saving your language preferences , we 'll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer . When showing you tailored ads , we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories , such as those based on race , religion , sexual orientation or health . We may combine personal information from one service with information , including personal information , from other Google services - for example to make it easier to share things with people you know . We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent . We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy . Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world . We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live . Transparency and choice People have different privacy concerns . Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect , so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used . For example , you can :  Review and control certain types of information tied to your Google Account by using Google Dashboard . View and edit your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and across the web , such as which categories might interest you , using Ads Settings . You can also opt out of certain Google advertising services here . Use our editor to see and adjust how your Google Profile appears to particular individuals . Control who you share information with . Take information out of many of our services . You may also set your browser to block all cookies , including cookies associated with our services , or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us . However , it 's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled . For example , we may not remember your language preferences . Information you share Many of our services let you share information with others . Remember that when you share information publicly , it may be indexable by search engines , including Google . Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content . Accessing and updating your personal information Whenever you use our services , we aim to provide you with access to your personal information . If that information is wrong , we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it - unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes . When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request . We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup systems ) . Where we can provide information access and correction , we will do so for free , except where it would require a disproportionate effort . We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction . Because of this , after you delete information from our services , we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems . Information we share We do not share personal information with companies , organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies :  With your consent We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so . We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator ( for example , for Google Apps users ) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information ( including your email and other data ) . Your domain administrator may be able to :  view statistics regarding your account , like statistics regarding applications you install . change your account password . suspend or terminate your account access . access or retain information stored as part of your account . receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request . restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings . Please refer to your domain administrator 's privacy policy for more information . For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us , based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures . For legal reasons We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to :  meet any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request . enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations . detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues . protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Google , our users or the public as required or permitted by law . We may share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners - like publishers , advertisers or connected sites . For example , we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services . If Google is involved in a merger , acquisition or asset sale , we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy . Information security We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of information we hold . In particular :  We encrypt many of our services using SSL . We offer you two step verification when you access your Google Account , and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome . We review our information collection , storage and processing practices , including physical security measures , to guard against unauthorized access to systems . We restrict access to personal information to Google employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us , and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations . Application Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates , including services offered on other sites ( such as our advertising services ) , but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy . Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals , including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results , sites that may include Google services , or other sites linked from our services . Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services , and who may use cookies , pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads . Enforcement We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy . We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks . When we receive formal written complaints , we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up . We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we can not resolve with our users directly . Changes Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time . We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent . We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and , if the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice ( including , for certain services , email notification of privacy policy changes ) . We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review . Specific product practices The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use :  Chrome and Chrome OS Books Wallet Fiber 
Privacy Statement DX undertakes to collect Your Data by means that are : Fair Legal Transparent If you visit DX 's web-site , your web-browser automatically discloses , and DX 's web-server automatically logs , the following information : the date and time , the IP address from which you issued the request , the type of browser and operating system you are using , the URL of any page that referred you to the page , the URL you requested , and whether your request was successful . This data may or may not be sufficient to identify you . Any additional data that you provide , e.g. in a web-form , may also be logged . This data may or may not be sufficient to identify you . Any additional data that your web-browser automatically provides may also be logged . This will be the case , for example , if your browser has previously been requested to store data on your computer in ' cookies ' and submits them each time you request a web-page within a particular domain ( such as DX.com ) . This data may or may not be sufficient to identify you . If you disclose personal data to DX in conjunction with an identifier such as your name or your contact details ( such as your e-mail address ) , DX will collect Your Data . Moreover , any data that becomes available to DX through any of the means described in the preceding paragraphs may be able to be associated with that identifier , and hence become Your Data . Subject to the qualifications immediately below , DX undertakes to collect Your Data from you and not from other parties . This undertaking is qualified as follows :  Where DX reasonably considers that the protection of its financial interests requires that it gather Your Data from other sources , or from additional sources . This applies in particular where DX has a lending exposure to you , and seeks information about your creditworthiness ;  Where DX reasonably considers that its capability to deliver quality services to you will be materially enhanced by gathering Your Data from other sources . This applies in particular to consumer profile data . Where DX collects Your Data from sources other than you , it undertakes :  To do so only by legal means ;  To do so only with your Consent ; and To declare to you what sources it uses , and under what circumstances . DX undertakes to declare the purpose of collection in a manner which is clear and meaningful , and to avoid vague , highly inclusive statements such as ' to support our operations ' . DX undertakes to store Your Data in a manner that ensures security against unauthorized access , alteration or deletion , at a level commensurate with its sensitivity . DX undertakes to store Your Data only in jurisdictions where data protections are at least equivalent to those required under the OECD Guidelines . DX undertakes to transmit Your Data in a manner that ensures security against unauthorized access , alteration or deletion , at a level commensurate with its sensitivity . DX undertakes to implement appropriate measures to ensure security of Your Data against inappropriate behavior by DX 's staff-members and contractors . These include :  Training for staff in relation to privacy ;  Access control , to limit access to Your Data to those staff and contractors who have legitimate reasons to access it ;  Particularly in the case of sensitive data , audit trails of accesses , including the identities of staff and contractors accessing the data ;  Reminders to staff and contractors from time to time about the importance of data privacy , and the consequences of inappropriate behavior ;  Declaration of appropriately strong sanctions that are to be applied in the event of inappropriate behavior Clear communication of policies and sanctions ; and Processes to audit , to investigate and to impose sanctions . Use refers to the application of Your Data by any part of DX , or any staff-member or contractor of DX in the course of their work . DX undertakes to use Your Data only for :  The purposes for which it was collected ;  Such other purposes as are subsequently agreed between DX and You ;  Such additional purposes as may be required by law . In these circumstances , DX will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that the use has occurred , unless it is precluded from doing so by law ; and Such additional purposes as are authorized by law ( in particular to protect DX 's interests , e.g. if it believes on reasonable grounds that You have failed to fulfill your undertakings to DX or have committed a breach of the criminal law ) . DX undertakes to use Your Data only if it has demonstrable relevance to the particular use to which it is being put . DX undertakes to use Your Data in such a manner as to take into account the possibility that it is not of sufficient quality for the purpose , e.g. because it is inaccurate , out-of-date , incomplete , or out-of-context . Disclosure refers to making Your Data available to any party other than DX and You . The term disclosure may include many different conditions of data transfer , including selling , renting , trading , sharing and giving . DX undertakes to disclose Your Data only under the following circumstances :  In the course of business being conducted between You and DX , where disclosure is necessary to a contractor , such as payment processors like PayPal and transportation companies . Where Your Data is disclosed in this way , DX undertakes to exercise control over DX 's contractors to ensure that their actions are compliant with these Terms ;  In other circumstances that are directly implied by the purpose agreed between You and DX at the time of data collection or subsequently . Where Your Data is disclosed in this way , DX undertakes to exercise control over DX 's contractors to ensure that their actions are compliant with these Terms ;  With your consent , or at your request ;  Where required by law , such as a provision of a statute , or a court order such as a search warrant or subpoena . In these circumstances , DX will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that the disclosure has occurred , unless it is precluded from doing so by law ;  Where permitted by law ( e.g. the reporting of suspected breach of the criminal law to a law enforcement agency ; and in an emergency , where DX believes on reasonable grounds that the disclosure of Your Data will materially assist in the protection of the life of health of some person ) , provided that DX will apply due diligence to ensure that the exercise of the permission is justifiable . In all cases , DX undertakes to disclose only such of Your Data as is necessary in the particular circumstances . Subject to the qualifications immediately below , DX undertakes : To retain Your Data only as long as is consistent with its purpose ; and To destroy Your Data when its purpose has expired , and to do so in such a manner that Your Data is not subsequently capable of being recovered . This undertaking is qualified as follows :  Your Data may be retained in DX 's logs , backups and audit trails within short-term retention cycles that are devised to protect the company 's operations . In such cases , Your Data will be destroyed in accordance with those cycles ;  Your Data may be retained beyond the expiry of its purpose if that is required by law , such as a provision of a statute , or a court order such as a search warrant or subpoena , or a warning by a law enforcement agency that delivery of a court order is imminent . In these circumstances DX :  Will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that Your Data is being retained , unless it is precluded from doing so by law ; and Will only retain Your Data while that provision is current , and will then destroy Your Data ;  DX follows all of the existing Google 's Remarketing Privacy Guidelines , Policies , and Restrictions . DX uses Analytics data and the DoubleClick cookie to serve ads based on your prior visits to DX.com . You may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics Opt-out page . Your Data may be retained beyond the expiry of its purpose if it is authorized by law ( in particular to protect DX 's interests , e.g. if it believes on reasonable grounds that You have failed to fulfill your undertakings to DX or have committed a breach of the criminal law ) . In these circumstances , DX will only retain Your Data while that situation is current and will then destroy Your Data . DX undertakes to provide you with access to Your Data , subject to only such conditions and processes as are reasonable in the circumstances . In particular , DX undertakes to enable access :  Conveniently Without unreasonable delay Without cost DX undertakes to establish and operate identity authentication protections for access to Your Data that are appropriate to its sensitivity , but practical . This may involve some inconvenience ; for example , relatively straightforward procedures may be involved in order to provide you with access through a channel that you have previously registered with DX ( such as a particular email-address ) , but may impose more onerous procedures if you wish to use some other channel . In the event that you dispute some aspect of Your Data , DX undertakes to take reasonable steps in relation to the amendment , supplementation or deletion of Your Data . You undertake :  Not to seek access for frivolous purposes , or unreasonably frequently ;  To accept that deletion of some data may not be consistent with the provision of particular services by DX to you . DX undertakes to make information available to you about the manner in which DX handles your data : In general terms , in a readily accessible manner In more specific terms , on request Where Your Data is disclosed to a contractor , DX undertakes to make information available to you on request about the manner in which DX 's contractors handle your data . DX undertakes to ensure that the information provided is meaningful and addresses your concerns . You undertake :  Not to seek such information for frivolous purposes , or unreasonably frequently To accept that the disclosure of excessive detail may harm the security of Your Data and DX 's business processes , and may harm DX 's commercial interests . If you have enquiries , general concerns , or complaints about these Terms , or about DX 's behavior in relation to these Terms , you undertake : To communicate them in the first instance : To DX only In sufficient detail Through a channel made available by DX for that purpose DX undertakes : To provide one or more channels for communications to DX , which are convenient to users To promptly provide acknowledgement of the receipt of communications , including the provision of a copy of the communication , the date and time it was registered , and DX 's reference-code for the communication ; To promptly provide a response to the communication , in an appropriate and meaningful manner . You further undertake to not pursue DX through any Regulator or the media :  Until and unless DX has had a reasonable opportunity to respond to the initial communication ; and While DX and you remain are conducting a meaningful dialogue about the matter . DX declares that its undertakings in these Terms are intended to create legal obligations , and that those obligations are intended to be enforceable under appropriate laws in appropriate jurisdictions . These include laws relating to data protection , privacy , fair trading , corporations and criminal laws . You undertake to seek enforcement only in a jurisdiction that is relevant to the transactions that have taken place between You and DX , in particular the jurisdiction in which you live or in which you performed the relevant acts , and the jurisdiction in which DX is domiciled or performed the relevant acts . If you wish to discover the relevant laws in any particular jurisdiction , DX draws your attention to the following resources :  World LII Privacy Links Compilation of [ U.S. ]  State and Federal Privacy Laws , Privacy Journal , Providence RI Privacy Law Sourcebook 2004 , EPIC , Washington DC the Australian Privacy Foundation 's pages :  International Instruments Relating to Privacy Law Privacy Laws of Countries of the World Privacy Laws of the Commonwealth of Australia Privacy Laws of the States and Territories of Australia Privacy International DX undertakes : Not to materially change these Terms in a manner that reduces the protections for Your Data ; To take all possible steps to prevent any company that acquires this company or any of its relevant assets from materially changing the Terms applicable to Your Data in a manner that reduces the protections for Your Data ; Where it is considering making changes to these Terms , or creating more specific Terms relating to specific services , to consult with appropriate representative and advocacy organizations ; Where it makes changes to these Terms , to ensure that the differences between successive versions are readily accessible ; To maintain all prior versions of these Terms in such a manner that they are dated , and readily accessible . DX means DX.com . Your Data means data that is capable of being associated with you , whether or not it includes an explicit identifier such as your name or customer number . In particular , it encompasses all data that DX is capable of correlating with you , using such means as server-logs and cookie-contents . Your Data does not refer to data that can no longer be associated with you . This includes aggregated data that does not and can not identify the individuals whose data are included in the aggregation . Consent means your concurrence with an action to be taken by DX . Consent may be express or implicit , but in either case must be informed and freely-given . 
J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc . Privacy Policy ( rev . 08/22/12 ) The following Privacy Policy describes the information and privacy practices for jcp retail stores and jcp.com See " Changes To This Policy " for a description of the most recent revisions . at jcpenney your privacy is a priority We value the trust you place in jcpenney . Accordingly , we want you to understand what information we collect about you , how we use it , and the safeguards we have in place to protect it . table of contents the information we collect using the information we collect information we share with others safeguarding the Information we collect your choices regarding the use of information we collect postal mail emails mobile marketing sharing with other companies notice to California residents your California privacy rights updating your jcpenney contact information your jcpenney credit card account online security unauthorized charges our use of cookies and web beacons aggregate children 's privacy links to other sites international customer privacy changes to this policy Whenever you shop in our stores , or at jcp.com , we obtain from you the information we need to complete your transaction . This information may include your name , address , telephone number , driver 's license number , birth date , and email address . If you use a credit or debit card or pay by check , it will include your account number . If you register with jcp.com or sign up to receive mobile or email updates from jcpenney , we will collect the information you submit . If you choose to use or participate in one of our various services , promotions , programs , surveys , sweepstakes or clubs , we may collect additional information about you . From your transactions and other interactions with us , we obtain information concerning the specific products or services you purchase or use . We may also obtain information about other people from you . For example , if you order a gift to be delivered directly to a friend , you would need to give us the friend 's name and address . We receive information from other companies . For example , if you have a jcpenney credit card , we receive application and account information from GE Capital Retail Bank ( GECRB ) , the company that owns and administers jcpenney credit accounts ( see the " your jcpenney credit account " section of this policy for additional information ) . We also collect consumer information from third-party providers in order to improve the accuracy of our customer database or increase our understanding of our customers . For example , we get updated addresses from the National Change of Address ( NCOA ) service , licensed by the U.S. Postal Service , to assist us in having the correct addresses for our customers . We work with certain websites to present advertising to known groups of our customers when they visit those websites . This practice , referred to as " data matching " is facilitated by a third-party service provider for jcpenney and the advertising website . This practice avoids direct sharing of any personal data with the advertising website . Data received back through this process is used to analyze the effectiveness of such advertising to groups of customers . We use the information we collect for various purposes , including : completing your purchase transactions providing the services you request contacting you about the status of your store or jcp.com orders responding to your customer service inquiries or requests notifying you of product recalls or providing other information concerning products you have purchased helping to protect against fraudulent use of your personal information sending you direct mail offerings sending you email communications administering customer recognition programs , sweepstakes , contests and similar promotions identifying your product and service preferences , so that you can be informed of new or additional products , services , and promotions that might be of interest to you providing mobile marketing and service messages when requested inviting you to participate in surveys improving merchandise selections , customer service , and the overall customer shopping experience jcp family : We share information we collect with affiliated companies and licensees ( like the optical and photography departments in jcpenney retail stores ) within the jcp family of businesses . service providers : We provide information to other companies that provide support services that help us bring you the products and services we offer , market our products and services , or process your transactions . For instance we share information with our international fulfillment service provider , FiftyOne , for the purpose of facilitating the sale and fulfillment of online purchases that our customers choose to ship internationally . We also provide information to GECRB and other service providers in connection with the jcpenney credit programs . third-party offers : We provide information to responsible outside companies . These carefully selected companies may use the information we share to let you know about their products or services , which may include providing special offers to you . promotion sponsors : If you enter a contest , sweepstakes or other promotion sponsored or co-sponsored by a third-party company , we may forward information about you to that company . others : On rare occasions , we may be required to disclose the information we collect pursuant to lawful requests , such as subpoenas or court orders , or in compliance with applicable laws . We may also disclose that information when we believe disclosure is appropriate to protect the rights , interests and property of jcpenney or others , and to protect the safety of customers , associates or others . This may include sharing information with other companies , attorneys , credit bureaus , agents or governmental agencies in connection with issues related to fraud , credit or debt collection . Also , if the ownership of all or part of a business within the jcp family were to change , information about customers pertinent to that business 's operations would likely be transferred to , or licensed for use by , the new owner . The applicable member of the jcp family might also retain a copy of that information . Whether you are shopping online or in our stores , protecting your personal information is important to us . We have appropriate physical , technical and procedural safeguards in place to secure the personal information we collect from you . We limit the information we provide to outside companies to only information we believe is appropriate to enable them to carry out their responsibilities under our contracts or to offer you their products and services . We contractually require that they have appropriate information security safeguards , and that the information provided be used only for the specifically authorized purpose . postal mail If you do not want to receive promotional mail ( postcards , etc. )  from jcpenney , you may : write to us at J.C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O . Box 10001 , Dallas , TX. 75301-7311 , Attention : Corporate Customer Relations call us at 1.800.322.1189 email us at privacy @ jcpenneyeservices.com emails If you are currently receiving promotional email offers and updates from jcpenney , you may unsubscribe at any time . You can click on the hyperlink shown in jcp.com email offers and follow the instructions . If you have registered on jcp.com , you can cancel your email subscription by accessing jcp.com , then : Click on my account Log in Click on email + mobile preferences Check no to " Would you like to receive email offers ? You may also write to us at J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O . Box 10001 , Dallas , TX 75301-7311 , Attention : Corporate Customer Relations , call us at 1.800.322.1189 email us at privacy @ jcpenneyeservices.com Please note that even if you unsubscribe from promotional email offers and updates , we may still contact you by email for transactional purposes . Some examples are communications regarding your order status , jcp rewards if you are a member , customer service inquiries , service or reminder notices , and recalls . mobile marketing messages If you are currently receiving marketing text messages from jcpenney , you may tell us to stop sending them by using the opt-out functionality contained in the next marketing text message you receive . After we receive your opt-out , we will send you a final text message to confirm the opt-out . If you prefer that we : NOT share information about you with any of the companies outside the jcp family that we have authorized to contact you regarding their products or services , or NOT share your jcpenney credit account history information with affiliated companies within the jcp family Please let us know by : writing to us at J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O . Box 10001 , Dallas , TX 75301-7311 , Attention : Corporate Customer Relations , calling us at 1.800.322.1189 email us at privacy @ jcpenneyeservices.com Under California law , a California resident with whom jcpenney has an established relationship has the right to request certain information with respect to the types of personal information jcpenney has shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes , and the identities of those third parties , within the immediately preceding calendar year , subject to certain exceptions . All requests for such information must be in writing and sent to : J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O . Box 10001 , Dallas , TX 75301 . Attention : Corporate Customer Relations . This same California law permits jcpenney to provide you , in response to your written request , with a cost-free means to choose not to have your information shared rather than providing the above described information . You may exercise that choice by any of the means described under sharing with other companies . You can update or correct your name , address , telephone number , or email address by : writing to us at J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O . Box 10001 , Dallas , TX 75301-7311 , Attention : Corporate Customer Relations calling us at 1.800.322.1189 or emailing us at privacy @ jcpenneyeservices.com If you have an account under one of the JCPenney Credit programs from GE Capital Retail Bank ( GECRB ) , a separate privacy policy applies to each program . The privacy policy describes GECRB 's collection , use , and protection of information about you and your JCPenney Credit account . To obtain GECRB 's privacy policy for your JCPenney Credit account , you may :  click here to view GECRB 's privacy policies in connection with JCPenney Credit programs write to JCPenney Credit Services/GECRB at P.O . Box 965007 , Orlando , FL 32896-5007 , or , call 1.800.542.0800 ( Puerto Rico , U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam residents call 1.800.981.8400 )  You can update or correct your name , address , or telephone number for your JCPenney Credit account , or check the status of your account by :  click here to access your jcpenney credit account information on-line writing to JCPenney Credit Services/GECRB at P.O . Box 965007 , Orlando , FL 32896-5007 call 1.800.542.0800 ( Puerto Rico , US Virgin Islands and Guam residents call 1.800.981.8400 )  online security Secure Socket Layering ( SSL ) technology is used to encrypt your credit or debit card information , including the account number , while it is transmitted over the Internet from your computer . SSL is an industry standard technology for secure online transactions . unauthorized charges If unauthorized charges ( as determined by your card issuer ) are made on your credit or debit card as a result of purchases made on jcp.com utilizing our secure servers , jcpenney will reimburse you for up to $ 50 of any amounts you are required to pay by the card issuer . Also , under the Fair Credit Billing Act , your credit card provider can not hold you liable for more than $ 50 of unauthorized charges on a credit card . Your liability for unauthorized use of a debit card may be higher , but many debit card issuers voluntarily apply the $ 50 limit to their cards as well . Remember : In the event of unauthorized use of your credit or debit card , you must promptly notify the card issuer pursuant to its reporting rules and procedures . cookies- We or our service providers use " cookies " to collect and analyze information about your browsing and buying activity on our site . A cookie is a small data file stored by your web browser on your computer . When you arrive at jcp.com , cookies allow us to recognize you by an identification number in the cookie with the information that you as a customer have provided us . If you register with us at jcp.com , your e-mail address is saved in your cookie . We do not store your name ( unless it is part of your email address ) , street address or credit card number in your cookie . Cookies allow us and our service providers to understand how you clicked to our site and what pages you click on during your visit to our site . Knowing how you prefer to shop allows us to improve your shopping experience and speed your checkout process . Accepting cookies through your web browser is your personal choice . If you use the privacy settings on your web browser to disable cookies , you can still browse jcp.com , but you may not have as exceptional a shopping experience as one that is specifically tailored to your needs . However , if you block cookies you will not be able to make a purchase on jcp.com . web beacons - A web beacon ( also called a pixel tag or a clear gif ) is a tiny graphic image placed on web site pages or in our emails that allows us to determine whether you have performed specific actions . When you access those pages or open email messages , the web beacons generate a notice of that action to us , or our service providers . We use that information to analyze what our visitors like to do on our site and the effectiveness of our features and advertising , as well as interactions with our e-mail advertising . jcpenney uses service providers to assist in the collection and analysis of this information . The service providers that assist us with our e-mail advertising may access your e-mail address through these web beacons in connection with the services they perform for us . For example , they may look to see if you received an email message from us prior to making a purchase on jcp.com . Our contracts with our service providers require them to limit their use of such information to the purposes authorized by us . coremetrics Coremetrics furnishes services to jcpenney that assist in the collection and analysis of your browsing and buying activity on jcp.com . To perform some of these analytical services , Coremetrics collects information from a cookie placed by jcp.com . You may choose to opt-out from this data collection . Your choices with respect to this data collection are set forth below . The Anonymous Visitor setting will apply to you unless you choose to opt-out . anonymous visitor setting allows Coremetrics to anonymously capture your basic site actions and to include the data in Coremetrics reporting . All actions are grouped within metrics for all other anonymous visitors . Anonymous visitors , click here . total opt-out . Your data is not collected by Coremetrics data collection front-end servers , and consequently is not included in Coremetrics reporting . To opt-out , click here . cancel opt-out setting will again allow Coremetrics to capture all web actions , and includes the data collected in Coremetrics reporting . To cancel opt-out , click here . Click here to view your current coremetrics opt-out status other web site analytics services - Google Analytics and Omniture provide services that analyze information regarding visits to certain portions of jcp.com that are operated for us by third parties , such as our Sports Fan Shop , Bali , and Levelor blinds and shades , and personalized jewelry pages . They use cookies and web beacons to collect this information . To learn more about Google Analytics ' privacy practices or to opt out of having information about your site visit sent to Google Analytics , click here . To learn more about Omniture 's privacy practices or to opt out of cookies set to facilitate reporting by Omniture , click here . online behavioral advertising We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements ( e.g. banners or links ) on our behalf on other web sites , and to perform tracking and reporting functions for jcpenney with respect to our advertisements . These advertising companies use information about your visits to jcp.com and the web sites upon which we advertise to serve our advertising to you , including advertising targeted to your interests . In the course of serving our advertisements to you , a unique third-party cookie may be placed on or recognized by your browser . In addition , we may use web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage our online advertising . These web beacons enable us to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits our site and to learn which advertising brings visitors to jcp.com . To learn more about these third party advertising practices , cookies , and how to opt-out of online behavioral advertising programs run by members of the Network Advertising Initiative , please go to http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp If you opt-out , you may continue to see or receive online advertising from jcpenney , however , this advertising may not be as relevant to you . We collect non-personal information about how users navigate through our web site . We aggregate this information in order to improve our site , and we may share this information with our affiliates or other outside companies . This aggregated information does not include individual names or personal data , so it does not identify you or any other customer . We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 on our web site . While visiting jcp.com , you may link to other web sites . Other sites have their own policies regarding privacy . When you provide personal information at one of those sites , you are subject to the site operator 's privacy policy , not the jcpenney privacy policy . We encourage you to read that policy before submitting any personal information . jcpenney has contracted with Borderfree , Inc . ( Borderfree ) to facilitate the sale and fulfillment of online purchases that our customers choose to ship internationally ( an international order ) . When you place an international order , you will submit personal information ( e.g. your name , email address , billing address , and shipping address ) and other order-related information to jcpenney through and to servers located in the United States . If you also choose to create a jcp.com account , any personal information you provide will also be transferred to jcpenney through and to servers located in the United States . Please note that United States law may not provide a level of data protection equivalent to the laws in your home country . This privacy policy applies to any personal information you furnish jcpenney in connection with international orders , your jcp.com account or otherwise . jcp will then share your international order information , including personal information about you , with Borderfree for the purpose of facilitating ordering and shipping internationally . Borderfree will process personal information about you in accordance with its privacy policy . Borderfree has agreed not to sell , transfer , or otherwise use your information other than for processing international orders and shipments . By placing an international order , you acknowledge and agree that jcp will transfer personal information about you to Borderfree , and acknowledge that your financial transaction and shipment will be processed by Borderfree . During the checkout process , you will be presented with Borderfree 's terms and conditions and privacy policy . You must agree to them to receive the product ( s ) you ordered . Once your order is approved , jcpenney will ship it to Borderfree . Simultaneously , Borderfree will purchase the product ( s ) you ordered from us , which allows them to take title to the product ( s ) , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authorities and arrange for the product ( s ) to be delivered to you . In this process , Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record . Customers shipping internationally who wish to :  Inquire about or update their personal information , Make a complaint about the collection or use of their personal information , or Comment on or ask questions regarding this privacy policy , should email us at privacy @ jcpenneyeservices.com This policy was last updated August 22 , 2012 Updated the instructions for opting out of mobile marketing messages Added information with respect to " international customer privacy " We may change our privacy policy from time to time . When considering any change , your privacy will remain a priority . If we change our privacy policy in the future , we will let you know by posting the updated policy at this website . We encourage you to check our policy periodically . You can tell if it has changed by checking the revision date that appears at the beginning of the policy . If you would like further information , or have any questions about our privacy policy :  please write to us at J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O . Box 10001 , Dallas , TX. 75301-7311 , Attention : Corporate Customer Relations call us at 1.800.322.1189 email us at privacy @ jcpenneyeservices.com 
TigerDirect.com Privacy Notice ( Updated 11/27/2012 ) By visiting the TigerDirect.com website or any other websites operated by TigerDirect.com or its affiliates ( collectively , the " Site " ) , you agree to accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice . If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice , please do not use the Site . Each time you use the Site , you should check the date of this Privacy Notice ( which appears above ) and review any changes that have been made since your last visit to the Site . Throughout TigerDirect.com 's years of operation , we have developed relationships with our customers based on respect and integrity . We 're aware of the trust and confidence you demonstrate when you visit the Site and provide us with information . This Privacy Notice is posted to demonstrate our leadership in online security and customer service practices . We treat your information with the same honesty and sensitivity that we have displayed throughout our company 's history . TigerDirect.com uses information that we collect from our visitors and customers to personalize and improve your visit and shopping experience at the Site . We gather the following types of information :  Information You Give to Us : We Collect Personal Information that is provided by Site users . " Personal Information " includes your name , address , telephone number , credit or debit card information , e-mail address , date of birth , IP address and the last four digits of your Social Security number . Personal Information is collected when you establish an account with us , place an order on the Site , participate in a contest , sweepstakes or on-line survey , or when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service , sales or technical services through the Site , telephone , mail or fax . In some instances , we may obtain other people 's names and email addresses that you may choose to provide as part of our " email a friend " feature . Web Beacons : We ( or service providers on our behalf ) may collect information from visits to the Site through the use of " Web Beacons. "  Web Beacons are web page elements which may employ cookie technology that enable us to record data about visits to or transactions made on the Site . This information is sometimes known as " clickstream data. "  We may use this data to analyze trends and statistics to improve your online experience or our customer service . No Personal Information is collected through the use of Web Beacons on the Site . Cookies : Through the use of cookies , we may also collect and analyze the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; computer and connection information such as your browser type and version ; operating system and platform ; purchase history ; confirmation when you open e-mail that we send you ; and the URLs which lead you to and around the Site including the date and time . You can generally set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie . Software is also available from third parties which will allow you to visit the Site without providing this information . You are welcome to use the Site if you use such software but we will not be able to offer you our personalized services and we will be unable to accept any online orders from you . Orders : If you place an order through the Site , you will be required to provide contact , billing , and payment information . Catalog Email Newsletter Subscriptions : Upon placing an order through the Site , you will automatically begin receiving both the TigerDirect.com catalog and the TigerDirect.com email newsletter , based on the Personal Information you have provided , unless you opt-out of receiving such communications . If you request an email newsletter subscription , we will send you an email confirming your request . This confirmation process allows you to unsubscribe if you change your mind and decide not to join the list . Furthermore , the confirmation email will alert you if someone else has entered your email address into our email newsletter subscription list . In order to make our email newsletters more relevant and useful to you , our servers may receive a confirmation when you open an email message from TigerDirect.com . Sweepstakes Entrants : From time to time , we may run sweepstakes . If you enter a sweepstakes sponsored by us , you will opt-in to receive email or other communications from us and our affiliated partners . You may subsequently opt-out of the receipt of such email or communications by following the directions in the email or contacting that site . Your opt-out status will not affect your participation or chances to win in the sweepstakes . During the applicable sweepstakes period , however , you may nevertheless receive emails which we deem are related to the sweepstakes and related programs . We use this information in an effort to improve your experience on the Site , to provide services to you and to communicate with you about information that you request . We may also use this information to help us target specific offers to you , to help us develop and improve our Site , and to tailor our Site to your interests . We will not rent , sell or otherwise disclose your Personal Information to unrelated third parties without your consent , except as stated in this Privacy Notice . Service Providers : We may employ other companies or individuals to provide certain services to or on behalf of us such as analyzing customer lists and data , or performing marketing or consulting services . These third parties ( " Service Providers " ) will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to provide your Personal Information with at least the same level of protection and security as we use on the Site . Such Service Providers are prohibited from using your Personal Information for any purpose other than that for which such party was engaged by us and/or as stated in this Privacy Notice . Any Service Providers that use data received from us may only do so in accordance with this Privacy Notice . Credit Card Companies : If you place an order through the Site , the Personal Information you provide is transmitted to your credit card company to verify and authorize your purchase . At certain times we may offer financing options with or without third party participation . If you use a financing option , information provided by you ( such as your address , birth date , social security number , and credit card number ) may be used to request a credit report from third parties or may be sent to a third party for processing . Third Party Marketing Partners : From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other third parties whom we believe are trustworthy . In such cases we might license , exchange , share and/or cross-reference information , including your name and postal mailing address that will enable such third parties to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you . We will never share any telephone number ( s ) , e-mail addresses , or credit card information which you have given us with any such third party partner ( s ) . Related Companies : We may share your postal and e-mail address , telephone number ( s ) , customer preferences , and purchase history with other subsidiaries of our parent company , Systemax Inc . We will never share any credit card information which you have given to us with any of these related companies . Aggregate Information : We provide aggregate information to some of our business partners . This information is used in a collective manner and does not identify you individually in any way . We collect and share aggregate information in order to know more about the general profile of our customers so that we can improve your shopping experience . Shippers : If you make a purchase through the Site , your name , telephone number and shipping information must be provided to third party shippers such as UPS , FEDEX and the United States Postal Service to deliver your purchase . There also may be instances in which we drop-ship orders directly to you from one of our manufacturers or suppliers . These drop-shippers are only given your name , postal address , and telephone number for the sole purpose of fulfilling your order . Third Party Transaction-Level Data : If you visit the Site from a third-party website the third-party website may be able to access select information from your individual transaction information . In order to track and credit your transaction the third-party website may give you a unique code , cookie or graphic which will uniquely identify you . This will only happen if you link directly from a third party website to the Site . Any transactions made at the Site while such a code is active will be reported back to the third party website . We will only report non-Personal Information to these websites such as the date of the transaction , the product ( s ) purchased and the amount spent . We will not report any information to these third party websites that will allow them to personally identify you . The presence of a third party navigation bar at the top of any page on the Site is an indication that the third party website may be able to see your activity on the Site . Links to Third Party Site : The Site contains certain links to third party websites , such as our vendors ' websites and links to other websites intended to facilitate our customers ' shopping experience , such as Google Translate . We are not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content found on these websites . We recommend that you check the privacy notice of each website you visit . Links to third party websites are provided solely for your convenience and any submission of data to such websites shall be at your sole risk . Law Enforcement and Protection of Users : To the extent permitted by law , we will disclose Personal Information to government authorities or third parties pursuant to a legal request , subpoena or other legal process . We may also use or disclose your information as permitted by law to perform charge verifications , report or collect debts owed , fight fraud or protect our rights or property as well as those of our affiliates , customers , or its users . You should be aware that , following disclosure to any third party , your Personal Information may be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law . We maintain relationships with third party affiliate websites . Although we do not and can not control the activities of the third parties that operate such websites , we will cease doing business with any affiliate that engages in abusive practices , including , for example , spam , trademark infringement , predatory means of attracting visitors , or unlawful activities . To report abuse by an affiliate , please contact our Affiliate Manager via email at affiliates @ TigerDirect.com . The Site is a general audience website and is not directed to children under the age of 13 . We will never knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent . If you are under the age of 13 , please do not provide us with personally identifiable information of any kind whatsoever . If we become aware that a user is under the age of 13 and has submitted Personal Information without verifiable parental consent , we will remove his or her personally identifiable information from our files . We understand that children may not fully understand all of the provisions of this Privacy Notice or make informed decisions about the choices that are made available to adult users of the Site . We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be familiar with the websites they visit . TigerDirect.com does not sell products to persons under the age of 18 . If you are under the age of 18 , you are required seek the consent of your parent or guardian to purchase products from the Site . We employ 128-bit encryption technology in all areas of the Site which require you to provide your personal or account information , including those areas related to online ordering , order status , and contest forms . The Site utilizes industry-standard firewalls and Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology to allow for the encryption of potentially sensitive Personal Information , such as your name , address and credit card number . You should recognize , however , that no computer system is fully secure and that there are inherent risks associated with Internet transactions . To make sure you have the latest security features on your browser , you may want to download the most recent version of your favorite browser , which should have full SSL support . If your name , e-mail or postal address , telephone number or other Personal Information changes , you may update , correct or omit the relevant information by contacting us at privacy @ TigerDirect.com . In addition , if you no longer wish to receive communications from us you may opt-out by emailing us at privacy @ TigerDirect.com , sending a letter to : TigerDirect.com Privacy Officer , 7795 West Flagler St. , Suite 35 , Miami , FL 33144 or by clicking on the unsubscribe link within any marketing e-mail you receive from us . If you no longer wish to receive our catalog , you may call us at 800-800-8300 , email us at privacy @ TigerDirect.com or send a letter to : TigerDirect.com Privacy Officer , 7795 West Flagler St. , Suite 35 , Miami , FL 33144 . If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice , please e-mail us at privacy @ TigerDirect.com or send a letter to : TigerDirect.com Privacy Officer , 7795 West Flagler St. , Suite 35 , Miami , FL 33144 . TigerDirect.com is a wholly owned subsidiary of Systemax , Inc. , a Fortune 1000 Company ( NYSE symbol SYX ) . However , in the event that TigerDirect.com is sold , has its assets acquired or transferred , whether voluntarily or involuntarily , or merges or becomes affiliated with any other division , individual or entity , any customer information owned or under the control of TigerDirect.com may be one of the transferred assets . We reserve the right , as part of such transaction , to transfer or assign the Personal Information and aggregate information we have collected from users of the Site . IN NO EVENT WILL TigerDirect.com OR ITS PARENT , AFFILIATES , LICENSEES OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING , PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THE SITE OR ITS PRODUCTS OR SERVICES BE LIABLE IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER FOR ANY INCIDENTAL , CONSEQUENTIAL , INDIRECT , SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS , USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE , OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY FAILURE OR PERFORMANCE , ERROR , OMISSION , INTERRUPTION , DEFECT , DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION , COMPUTER VIRUS OR LINE OR SYSTEM FAILURE ( INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS , LOSS OF BUSINESS OR DATA , BUSINESS INTERRUPTION , AND DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM INACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION OR INCONVENIENCE , DELAY , OR LOSS OF THE USE OF THE SITE ) . THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS APPLY WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT , TORT , NEGLIGENCE , STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER BASIS , EVEN IF TigerDirect.com OR ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES . 
Last Updated : October 25 , 2013 Shutterfly , Inc. and our family of brands take your privacy seriously . Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy . Our Online Privacy and Security is organized as follows : 1 . Information Collected 2 . Cookies and Similar Technologies 3 . Authorized Third Parties 4 . Use of Information 5 . Information Sharing With Third Parties 6 . Opting Out Of Information Sharing 7 . Children 's Information 8 . Access to Your Account Information and Preferences 9 . Confidentiality and Security 10 . Third Party Sites 11 . Your California Privacy Rights 12 . Class Action Waiver 13 . Questions and Suggestions 14 . Updates to Privacy Policy We collect personal information when you register with any of our family of brands via our websites , mobile sites or mobile applications ( collectively , our " Sites and Apps " ) and when you use any of our products or services . Personal information is any information about you that is personally identifiable , such as your name , address , email address or phone number , Facebook Connect sign-in information ( if applicable ) , and any other information that is not otherwise publicly available . In addition , if you send email invitations to friends and family to allow them to view your pictures or saved projects , or if you invite them to participate in Shutterfly Share Sites , those email addresses are personal information . Also , your account includes an address book , which you can use to store email addresses of friends and family , and those emails are personal information . We or our third party service providers may also collect information relating to your devices , including your device model , operating system , browser type , unique device identifier , IP address , mobile phone number , mobile network carrier , location , and event information ( such as application installations ) . If you order products or pay for services , we will need your shipping address , billing name and address , as well as your credit card number and expiration date . If you tag yourself , friends , or family in pictures , we may use facial recognition technology to help you tag and organize your pictures . We use cookies , pixel tags , and/or other similar technologies to collect visitor information . Cookies , for example , are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your web browser . They make it possible for us to store the contents of your shopping cart until you are ready to check out , recognize your browser when you visit and provide you with information about products that interest you . By doing this , we can personalize your return visits and save you time during checkout . It is possible to prevent cookies from being used in your browser by turning the feature off , but in order to enjoy the benefits of being a registered user , your browser must be set to accept cookies . We use third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on our Sites and Apps . They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Sites and Apps and your interaction with our products and services . They may also use information about your visits to our Sites and Apps and other sites and mobile applications to target ads for products and services . For instance , they may collect web log data from you ( such as IP address and information about your browser or operating system ) or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads . Through this process , demographic or other interest data may be associated with your browser or device in a non-personally identifiable manner . No personally identifiable information is collected in this process . They do not know the name , address , email address , phone number or any personally identifiable information about the user . The NAI ( Network Advertising Initiative ) allows for the central opting out of all of its members ' cookies from a single opt-out page . If you prefer not to receive relevant advertising on web pages , please click on the following link : http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ . If you delete your cookies , use a different browser or buy a new computer , you will need to renew your opt-out choice . We also work with third party service providers to monitor certain pages of our Sites and Apps for such purposes as reporting traffic and other advertising statistics . Where authorized by us , these third party providers may use cookies and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our visitors . No personally identifiable information is transferred to these third party service providers . We use your information for the following general purposes : to fulfill your requests for products and services , administrative purposes , to improve our services , to customize the advertising and content you see , to contact you , and for internal business purposes . We use third party information you provide to us solely to provide services you specifically request . For example , sharing your pictures electronically is one of the key benefits we offer . You are able to send an email invitation to your selected recipients , and then to allow them to view , save , or purchase products from your pictures . This email invitation contains a link created specifically for your pictures . The email also may include information about special promotional offers from our family of brands and/or carefully-screened third parties . Another example of how we use third party information you provide to us is Shutterfly Share Sites . If you create a special site through Shutterfly Share Sites to share your pictures , you may invite recipients to participate in that site . In addition to the email invitation , these recipients will receive notifications in the form of email digests as changes are made to the site ( e.g. , when new content is added ) . As the creator of the site , you can determine the frequency of these email digests . In addition , any recipient who is a Shutterfly member can change how often he or she wishes to receive these digests through his or her account preferences . If you use one of our referral programs to refer any of our family of brands to your friends and family , we will use their email addresses to send your invitation . If you send Treat Digital Cards to friends and family , we will use their email addresses to send your cards . Please be assured that we do not use the email addresses that you enter through email invitations , Shutterfly Share Sites , our referrals programs , Treat Digital Cards , or the address books of any of our Sites and Apps to send any type of direct marketing to your friends and family . ( Of course , if a friend or family member signs up with any of our family of brands or we receive their email address from another unrelated source , we may communicate with them in accordance with this Privacy Policy. )  Your accounts may also contain a calendar where you can store birthdays , anniversaries , and other key dates and details about friends and family . You can use this information to help keep in touch with friends and family on important dates . We may send you email reminders of the personalized dates you have entered in this calendar . Reminder information is highly confidential and will not be shared with any third parties . When you add personal messages to your products , an order-processing representative may view your message . However , third parties are not allowed to view or use this information . We use anonymous information , such as that pertaining to web or mobile pages you have viewed , in order to analyze trends , track user 's movements , provide a better user experience and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use . We do not use this data in a manner that would identify you personally . See " Authorized Third Parties. "  From time to time we share the personal information we collect with trusted companies who work with or on behalf of us . We may share personal information within our family of brands . We may also combine personal information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with our partners . These companies may use your personal information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us , to communicate with you about products and events that may be of interest to you and for other promotional purposes . Information sharing allows us to introduce new resources based on your interests and needs . With that in mind , when you purchase an item , your customer information may be shared with other select companies whose products and services you may find useful and those select companies will handle , store , retain , use , share and access personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies , and we disclaim any and all liability relating thereto . Every now and then , we will invite customers to take part in surveys , promotions , contests and sweepstakes . The information we collect from these surveys , promotions , contests and sweepstakes may be matched with individual customer accounts and used by our family of brands to improve your overall customer experience , and may be shared with select third parties If you log in through Facebook Connect , information you provide to us may be shared with Facebook . We understand and respect that not all customers may want to allow us to share their information with other select companies . If you do not want us to share your information , please contact us through the Contact Us page of any of our brands , and we will remove your name from lists we share with other companies as soon as reasonably practicable . When contacting us , please clearly state your request , including your name , mailing address , email address and phone number . However , under the following circumstances , we may still be required to share your personal information :  If we respond to subpoenas , court orders or legal process , or if we need to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims . If we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our Terms of Use or as otherwise required by law . If we believe it is necessary to restrict or inhibit any user from using any of our Sites and Apps , including , without limitation , by means of " hacking " or defacing any portion thereof . Our Sites and Apps are not intended for children , and we will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children . If we become aware that a subscriber is under the age of 13 , we will remove their personally identifiable information from our files . You have the right and ability to edit your member account information on our Sites and Apps at any time . You can opt in or out of receiving future communications from us about special offers and new product information , you can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages you receive , or you can change your marketing preferences by contacting us through the Contact Us page of any of our brands . We do reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the services we provide , such as service announcements and administrative messages . We do not offer you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving those communications . We use a secure server ( SSL ) to encrypt your personal financial information . We use other physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of the information we have collected , and to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of your information . Our Sites and Apps may contain links to other sites for news and other information . Our Privacy Policy only applies to our Sites and Apps , and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other sites which are linked to or integrated with our Sites and Apps . You should check the privacy policies of those sites before providing your personal information to them . See our Terms of Use for additional information . California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , also known as S.B. 27 , allows individual customers who have provided their personal information to us to request information about our disclosure of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . Such requests must be submitted to us in one of the following ways : send a letter to Legal , Shutterfly , 2800 Bridge Parkway Redwood City , CA 94065 or through the various ways of contact described in the Contact Us page of any of our brands . Within thirty days of receiving such a request , we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding year , along with the names and addresses of those third parties . This request may be made no more than once per calendar year . We reserve the right not to respond to requests submitted in ways other than those specified above . ANY DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEEDINGS , WHETHER IN ARBITRATION OR COURT , WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR AS A NAMED OR UNNAMED MEMBER IN A CLASS , CONSOLIDATED , REPRESENTATIVE OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL LEGAL ACTION . YOUR ACCESS AND CONTINUED USE OF ANY OF OUR SITES AND APPS SIGNIFIES YOUR EXPLICIT CONSENT TO THIS WAIVER . If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , you can contact us through the Contact Us page of any of our brands . We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting updates on this page . Please check back periodically to view any updates . 
This NIKE Digital Privacy Policy ( USA ) ( " Privacy Policy " ) describes how we collect and use your information through a variety of digital means . By accessing or using this website , mobile application or other NIKE product or service on any computer , mobile phone , tablet , console or other device ( collectively , " Device " ) , you consent to our Privacy Policy . NIKE may modify this Privacy Policy at any time effective upon its posting . Your continued use of our products and services constitutes your acceptance to this Privacy Policy and any updates . This Privacy Policy is incorporated into , and is subject to , the Terms of Use . While this Privacy Policy is intended to generally describe our privacy practices , our goal is to also provide more detailed information at times when it 's most meaningful to you . Please look for these notices within our NIKE services . What You Give Us We collect information you give us or permit us to access . Information may include , but is not limited to , your name , image , birth date , email and physical address , telephone number , gender , contact lists , social media information and profile , location ( GPS ) information , activity and performance information , and when necessary , credit card information . What We Collect From You We may automatically collect information regarding your interaction with , and use of , our products and services . Information we may collect includes , but is not limited to , your telephone number , Device identifier and hardware information , IP address , browser type and language , cookie information , system type , whether you have enabling software to access certain features , access times , referring website URLs , information about your purchases and other information about your interactions with us . What We Collect From other NIKE Interactions and Third Parties We may combine information you give us with other information from NIKE sources , transactions and communications . This may include , but is not limited to , information from NIKE stores , direct mail , catalogs , events , products and applications , or other NIKE interactions . We may also combine that information with data that is publicly available and data from third parties . We also collect information about gift recipients provided by the giver . Children 's Privacy We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under 13 . We may use your information to do the following : Enable Your Use Enhance , customize and personalize your NIKE experiences and communications Use NIKE features , such as running routes , race registrations , placing an order and other activities Operate , Improve and Analyze Operate , provide , improve and maintain NIKE 's products and services , including analyzing user behavior and trends Send you administrative messages and other information about NIKE . Communicate with you about your purchase , account information or customer service Provide and Conduct Marketing and Promotions Communicate with you about our products , services and events , and for other promotional purposes Administer contests , promotions , events , surveys or other features Display relevant marketing to you NIKE Family We may provide your information to NIKE , Inc. companies and affiliates , including Converse and Hurley ( " NIKE Family " ) , some of which may be outside the U.S . Service Providers We may transfer your information to NIKE Family service providers to conduct our business . For example , they may handle credit card processing , shipping , data management , email distribution , market research , information analysis , and promotions management . We may also share your information to administer features ( e.g. music download , race registration , or workout routine ) . By Law or to Protect Rights We may disclose information upon governmental request , in response to a court order , when required by law , to enforce our policies , or to protect our or others ' rights , property or safety . We may share information to prevent illegal uses of NIKE 's products and services or violations of the Terms of Use , or to defend ourselves against third-party claims . We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation . Business Transfers Your information may be transferred to a third party as a part of our business assets in a sale of a part or all of NIKE . If this should happen , notice will be provided by posting to the website or other form of communication . Default Sharing When you join or use certain services , you agree to publicly share a basic amount of information , which may include your username , city location , and profile picture . Sharing You Choose You may choose to share certain information . In order to participate in certain features , you may have to adjust your privacy settings and share more information . You may also choose to share your activity on other platforms , such as Facebook and Twitter . Please read the privacy policies of those platforms , because your NIKE activity published on those platforms will no longer be governed by NIKE 's Privacy Policy . Nike Sharing Information that is publicly shared may be used by Nike for promotional purposes . Protecting Information Security Measures We use a variety of security measures , including encryption and authentication tools , to help protect your information . We use secure servers when you place orders . All credit card information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology and then encrypted within our databases . No Guarantee However , like other companies , NIKE can not guarantee 100 % the security or confidentiality of the information you provide to us . Collection Tools How We Collect Information NIKE automatically collects information within our products and services or stored by your browser or Device . We use a variety of methods to collect this information , including , but not limited to , cookies and pixel tags/web beacons ( " Collection Tools " ) . If you turn off certain Collection Tools , you may not have access to many features that make your experience more efficient and some of our services and features may not function properly . However , you can still place product orders over the telephone by contacting our customer service number at 1-800-806-6453 . Third Party Tracking We also work with other companies who use tracking technologies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet . These companies may collect information about your interaction with us , including advertising . If you would like to opt-out of 3rd party tracking technologies associated with our website , please click here . Note that if you opt-out from these third party tracking technologies , you may still see our ads at other websites , but the ads will not be tailored using third party tracking technologies associated with our website . Modifying or Deleting Your Information You can modify or delete your profile within certain NIKE services , through your account . Your information previously posted may still be publicly viewable . NIKE may keep information and content in our backup files and archives . Communication/Unsubscribe/Opt-Out Regardless of the settings you select , NIKE may send you service-related communications . To unsubscribe and stop receiving messages , please change your settings or follow the instructions in the email , text message , notification or other message type . If you have unsubscribed from any NIKE communications , due to production schedules , you may receive communications already in production . Our digital operations are conducted , in whole or in part , in the United States . Regardless of where you live , you consent to have your personal data transferred , processed and stored in the United States , and allow NIKE to use and collect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Your use of our products and services , and any disputes arising from them , is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use . Please visit our Terms of Use , which explains other terms governing the use of our products and services . For questions or concerns , please contact Consumer Services/Privacy at : 1-800-806-6453 or NIKE Consumer Services/Privacy , One Bowerman Drive , Beaverton , OR 97005 . 
This Privacy Policy applies to the sites and apps where it appears . This Policy describes how we treat personal information we collect both online and offline . This includes on our websites or in our apps . It also includes at our box offices or in phone or email interactions you have with us . If you live in Canada , please read our Canadian Privacy Policy . Contact information . For example , we might collect your name and street address . We might also collect your phone number or email . Payment and billing information . For example , we collect your credit card number and zip code when you buy a ticket . Information you post . For example , we collect information you post in a public space on our website or on a third-party social media site . Demographic information . We may collect information about events you like or products you buy . We might collect this as part of a survey , for example . Other information . If you use our website , we may collect information about the browser you 're using . We might look at what site you came from , or what site you visit when you leave us . If you use our mobile app , we may collect your GPS location or your device 's unique identifier . We might also collect the type of mobile device you are using , or the version of the operating system your computer or device is running . We might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it . We collect information directly from you . For example , if you register for a promotion or buy tickets . We also collect information if you post a comment on our websites or ask us a question . We collect information from you passively . We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons . To learn more about these tools and to control them , please click here . We get information about you from third parties . For example , if you use an integrated social media feature on our websites or mobile applications . The third-party social media site will give us certain information about you . This could include your name and email address . Your activities on our sites and apps may be posted to the social media platforms . We use information to respond to your requests or questions . For example , we might use your information to confirm your registration for an event or contest . If you give us your friend 's information , we will only use it to provide services you requested . We use information to improve our products and services . We might use your information to customize your experience with us . This could include displaying content based upon your preferences . We use information to look at site trends and customer interests . We may use your information to make our website and products better . We may combine information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties . We use information for security purposes . We may use information to protect our company , our customers , or our websites . We use information for marketing purposes . For example , we might send you information about special promotions or offers . We might also tell you about new features or products . These might be our own offers or products , or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting . Or , for example , if you buy tickets from us we 'll enroll you in our newsletter . We may use push notifications and your location information on our mobile apps to send you alerts regarding local events . To learn about your choices for these communications , read the choices section below . We use information to send you transactional communications . For example , we might send you emails about your account or a ticket purchase . We might also contact you about this policy or our website terms . We use information as otherwise permitted by law . We will share information within the Live Nation family of companies . This may include Ticketmaster and Live Nation-owned or operated venues , for example . We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf . For example , we share information with vendors who help us manage our online registration process or who fulfill your purchases . Some vendors may be located outside of the United States . We will share information with our business partners . This includes a third party who provides or sponsors an event , or who operates a venue where we hold events . Our partners use the information we give them as described in their privacy policies . You should read those polices to learn how they treat your information . We may share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves . For example , we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena . We may also share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests . Or , we might also share information when we are investigating potential fraud . This might include fraud we think has happened during a sweepstakes or promotion . We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business . For example , if part of our business is sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction . We may share your information for reasons not described in this policy . We will tell you before we do this . You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails . To stop receiving our promotional emails , click here or follow the instructions in any promotional message you get from us . Your device settings should provide you with instructions on how to turn off push notifications . It may take about ten days to process your request . Do n't worry ! Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages , we will still be sure to send you transactional messages . For example , we may still contact you about your orders . You can modify information you have given us . To correct or delete information or update account settings , log into your account and follow the instructions . We make changes as soon as we can . This information may stay in our backup files . If we can not make the changes you want , we will let you know and explain why . If you contact us requesting access to your information , we will respond within 30 days . You can control cookies and tracking tools . To learn how to manage how we - and our vendors - use cookies and other tracking tools , please click here . You can control tools on your mobile devices . For example , you can turn off the GPS locator or push notifications on your phone . Each push notification has an " unsubscribe " link . If you live in California and have an established business relationship with us , you can request a list of the personal information we have shared with third parties for their marketing purposes . We will also give you a list of the third parties that have received your information . You can make a request one time each year . To exercise your rights , you can email us or write to us at the address below . Mention in your letter that you are making a " California Shine the Light " inquiry . We will respond within 30 days . Our sites and apps are meant for adults . We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 . If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information , you can email us here . You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy . Please mark your inquiries " COPPA Information Request. "  Parents , you can also learn more about how to protect children 's privacy online here . We have security measures in place to protect your information . The standard security measures we use will depend on the type of information collected . However , the Internet is not 100 % secure . We can not promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe . We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet . This includes not sharing your passwords . If you think that an unauthorized account has been created using your name , contact us at the address below . TRUSTe has awarded Live Nation the TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal . This means TRUSTe independently reviewed this Policy and the practices on Live Nation and Ticketmaster sites and apps to make sure they meet TRUSTE 's requirements . The seal applies to our practices for information collected on U.S. , UK , Ireland sites and apps . We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for our business . We also keep information to resolve disputes , enforce our agreements and as otherwise required by law . If you live outside of the United States , you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States . This site is subject to U.S. laws , which may not afford the same level of protection of those in your country . Live Nation complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal information from European Union member countries . Live Nation has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Live Nation 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor . If you click on one of those links , you will be taken to websites we do not control . This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of those websites . Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully . We are not responsible for these third party sites . If you have any questions about this Policy or other privacy concerns , you can email us at privacy @ livenation.com . Please do not include your credit card number or other sensitive information in your email . You can also write us at :  Live Nation Entertainment , Inc. 9348 Civic Center Drive Beverly Hills , CA 90210 Attention : Privacy Officer , Legal If you are not satisfied with our response , you can contact TRUSTe here . From time to time we may change our privacy practices . We will notify you of any material changes to this policy as required by law . We will also post an updated copy on our website . Please check our site periodically for updates . 
Privacy Policy Changes Updated January 1 , 2013 In connection with a restructuring of our business , we have updated our Privacy Policy to reflect that the Site is operated by Zapppos IP , Inc. ( successor-in-interest to Zappos Development , Inc. ) . Although the substance of the policy is effectively the same as in the past , there are some changes . For example , The updated policy no longer refers to the Free Clothing Giveaway as it is not currently offered on our website . The updated policy now refers to contests and sweepstakes , as we may offer either or both on our website from time to time . The updated policy allows information to be shared among Zappos.com , Inc. and the affiliates it controls . These are only a few of the changes to the policy , and this brief summary should not affect your interpretation of it . Please read the Privacy Policy carefully . Your continued use of the website constitutes your acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy . Last updated : January 1 , 2013 . To see what has changed , click here . Thank you for accessing the 6pm.com Website ( Site ) operated by Zappos IP , Inc . We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information . To learn more , please read this Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use and ( under certain conditions ) disclose your personal information . This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information . Finally , this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection , use and disclosure of your personal information . By visiting the Site directly or through another site , you accept the practices described in this Policy . This privacy policy applies to the Site . This privacy policy does not necessarily apply to any offline collection of your personal information . Please see below for details . We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any web site not operated by Zappos IP , Inc. to which the Site links or that links to the Site . 1 . Information Collection . We collect information from you in several different ways on this Site . One goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient , meaningful , and customized experience . For example , we can use your personal information to : help make the Site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once . help you quickly find information , products , and services . help us create content that is most relevant to you . alert you to new information , products , and services that we offer . ( a ) Registration and Ordering . Before using certain parts of any Site or ordering products , you must complete an online registration form . During registration , you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information , including but not limited to your name , shipping and billing address ( es ) , phone number , email address , and credit card number . If you have elected to use the Bill Me Later payment method , you will have to provide the last four ( 4 ) digits of your social security number and your birth date . We use this information solely to facilitate the Bill Me Later transaction and will not store or keep this information in our files . In addition , we may also ask you for your country of residence and/or your organization 's country of operation , so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations , and for your gender . These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes , to fulfill your orders , to communicate with you about your order and the Sites , and for internal marketing purposes . If we encounter a problem when processing your order , your personal information may be used to contact you . ( b ) Email Addresses . Several locations of the Site permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to : to register for a contest or sweepstakes ; to request us to notify you of new brands , new product styles , or product sizes ; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers ; or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest . Your participation in a contest or sweepstakes is completely voluntary , so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to us . We use this information to notify contest and sweepstakes winners and to award prizes . We may post on the Site the names and cities of contest and sweepstakes winners . By entering a contest or sweepstakes , you may be opting in to receive our email newsletter and special offers and this will be disclosed in the official rules governing the contest or sweepstakes . ( c ) Cookies and Other Technology . Like many sites , the Site employs cookies and web beacons ( also known as clear GIF technology or action tags ) to speed your navigation of the Site , recognize you and your access privileges , and track your Site usage . ( i ) Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer 's hard drive . Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies . You can set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive , but if you do , you will not be able to access or use portions of the Site . We have to use cookies to enable you to select products , place them in an online shopping cart , and to purchase those products . If you do this , we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase . THE SITE 'S COOKIES DO NOT AND CANNOT INFILTRATE A USER 'S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER 'S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION . Our cookies are not spyware . ( ii ) Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on the Site has been viewed and , if so , how many times . For example , any electronic image on the Site , such as an ad banner , can function as a web beacon . ( iii ) We may use third-party advertising companies to help tailor site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf . These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness ( such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount ) . Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any personal information collected by us . ( iv ) As an example , Facebook collects certain information via cookies and web beacons to determine which web pages are visited or what products are purchased . Please note that any information collected by Facebook via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any customer 's personal information collected by us . ( d ) Log Files . As is true of most web sites , the Site server automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access the Site . We may also log your Internet protocol ( IP ) address , Internet service provider , and date/time stamp for system administration , order verification , internal marketing , and system troubleshooting purposes . ( An IP address may indicate the location of your computer on the Internet. )  ( e ) Age . We respect children 's privacy . We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13 . Elsewhere on the Site , you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian . If you are under the age of 13 , please do not submit any personal information to us , and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you . ( f ) Product Reviews . You may choose to submit a product review . If you post a review , we will ask for your email address and geographic location . If you submit a review , your geographic location will be visible to other users ( your email address will be kept private ) . Also , any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the Site . We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review . We believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information . ( g ) Bizrate Reviews . Bizrate.com is an independent company that permits shoppers to rate their experiences in visiting and shopping at online stores . After placing an order on the Site , you may receive the opportunity to provide feedback on your experience . This choice is optional and will not affect your order or service from us , whether or not you choose to provide feedback . Your feedback is collected by Bizrate.com , not us , and is governed by their privacy policy , available at http : //shop.bizrate.com/content/privacy.html . 2 . Information Use and Disclosure . ( a ) Internal Use . We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service . We may internally use your personal information to improve the Sites ' content and layout , to improve outreach and for our own marketing efforts ( including marketing our services and products to you ) , and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to the Site . In order to facilitate such use and the other use described in this Section 2 , we may share your information with affiliates under Zappos.com , Inc. 's control . ( b ) Communications with You : We will use your personal information to communicate with you about the Site and your orders and deliveries . Also , we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us . We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary ( for example , if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance. )  Also , you may submit your email address for reasons such as to register for a contest or sweepstakes ; to request us to notify you of new brands , new product styles , or product sizes ; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers ; or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest . If you submit your email address , we use it to deliver the information to you . We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails ( see the opt out section , below , for more details ) . Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place , you can not opt out of receiving emails related to your orders . ( c ) External Use . We want to provide you with excellent service and to offer you a great selection . We do not sell , rent , trade , license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to anyone other than to affiliates under Zappos.com , Inc. 's control , except that :  ( i ) As do most catalog and Internet retailers , we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf . When we disclose information to these service providers , we disclose information to help them to perform their service . For example , in order to deliver products to you , we must share some information . We partner with third parties ( such as the U.S. Postal Service , United Parcel Service , and Federal Express ) to ship products , to ensure delivery , and so that we can obtain feedback , improve the quality of our service , and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party . In the example of shippers , we provide them some personally identifiable information such as your name , shipping address , email , and phone number . ( ii ) Similarly , to help you buy products and provide customer service to you , we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers . When we submit your credit card number for authorization , we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information . ( More on this below in Data Security. )  ( iii ) In the event you have elected to use the Bill Me Later payment method , to help you buy products and provide customer service to you , we must provide the last four ( 4 ) digits of your social security number and your birth date to the financial-services corporations processing your transaction . When you submit this information to us for approval and authorization , we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information . ( iv ) We may disclose such information in response to requests from law enforcement officials conducting investigations ; subpoenas ; a court order ; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law . We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights , enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements , or to protect ourselves or others . For example , we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use the Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud . ( v ) We will not sell ( or trade or rent ) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business . However , it 's possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets . If that happens , your personal information may be disclosed to another company , but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect . ( vi ) We may share non-personal information ( such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page , or the size of an order placed on a certain date ) with third parties such as advertising partners . This information does not directly personally identify you or any user . ( vii ) We may publicly disclose the name , city , and state of the contest and sweepstakes winners . The Site incorporates physical , electronic , and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information , including Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) for all financial transactions through the Site . We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online , and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities . Access to your personal information is restricted . Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information . Finally , we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware . We believe that their security procedures are adequate . For example , when you visit the Site , you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment , behind a locked cage and an electronic firewall . While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information , we can not guarantee complete security . 100 % complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline . Upon your request , we will ( a ) correct or update your personal information ; ( b ) stop sending emails to your email address ; and/or ( c ) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account . You can make these requests at the customer information section of the Site http : //www. 6pm.com/customer-service-center , or by telephoning , or emailing your request to 6pm.com 's Customer Loyalty Team 1-888-676-2660 or :  cs @ 6pm.com Please do not email your credit-card number or other sensitive information . As you might expect from us , the majority of information that we collect is obtained through the Site , and this Privacy Policy applies only to that online collection of personal information . We also may collect information offline , where we also try to protect the privacy of your personal information . One example involves someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions . When someone calls , we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place the order or to answer the question . When we need to store information ( such as order information ) , we will enter it into our database through SSL encryption . ( See the Data Security section above for more information ) . Another example involves faxes . If you fax something to us , we will act upon the fax and then either store it a locked repository or we will shred the fax if there is no need to retain the information . There are other ways we could learn of personal information offline ( for example , we suppose someone could send us a letter including some return address information ) , and this Policy does n't discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses . As we mentioned , we will try to treat offline collection , uses , and disclosures consistently with our relevant online practices . If we change or update this Privacy Policy , we will post changes and updates on the Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect , use and disclose . We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated . If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy , please contact us at 1-888-676-2660 or cs @ 6pm.com . 
Privacy and cookies notice This privacy notice applies to the use of personal information by British Sky Broadcasting Limited and its group companies . Any member of the British Sky Broadcasting group may use and share , within that group , the information you provide and other information it holds about you for the purposes set out below . Information you 've provided to us , including on our websites . Information about our products and services you 've ordered or enquired about . Information provided by other companies who 've obtained your permission to share information about you . Information about the channels , programmes , advertisements and services you access , for example how you view , record or fast forward them . Information we collect using cookies stored on your device about your use of Sky and/or selected third party websites . For more information on cookies and how to manage them , please see the section on cookies . Your IP address , this is a number that identifies a specific network device on the internet and is required for your device to communicate with websites . Technical information from your Sky device ( s ) relating to the service you receive , for example , the collection of diagnostic information . In addition to using your information to provide you with requested products or services and general account management and the management of traffic across our network , we may also use your information in the following ways : To monitor and improve our products , services and websites . We may share information with credit reference and fraud prevention agencies for use in credit decisions , and for fraud detection and prevention purposes . If false or inaccurate information is provided and fraud is identified , the details will be passed to fraud prevention agencies . Law enforcement agencies may access and use this information . We and other organisations may also access and use this information to prevent fraud and money laundering , for example when : checking details on applications for credit and credit related or other facilities ; managing credit and credit related accounts and facilities ; recovering debt ; checking details on proposals and claims for all types of insurance ; or checking details of job applications and employees . We and other organisations may access and use from other countries the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies . Please contact us by emailing us at mysky @ bskyb.com if you want to receive details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies . We may also share your information with other companies for debt recovery purposes . For market research . To enable us to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements ; to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of any third party ; in the detection and prevention of fraud and other crimes ; and for the purpose of safeguarding national security . We may disclose your information to any successors of our business for them to use for the purposes set out in this privacy notice . Unless you 've asked us not to :  To send you periodic newsletters about your chosen services . To send you direct marketing . This may include communications by post , telephone or email and if you 've a Sky Bet , Sky Poker , Sky Vegas and/or Sky Bingo account , by SMS , about us and our business partners ' products and services , events and special offers , including , where applicable , for a reasonable time after you have ceased to be a customer of ours . To provide you with personalised services , such as providing you with viewing recommendations and tailored advertising . This means that we have your agreement to store information about you on the devices you use , for example to make some of the adverts you see more relevant to you . To provide you with online behavioural advertising through the use of cookies when you visit our websites . Marketing You can opt out by calling us on 08442 414141 or via your MySky account . You can also click on the " unsubscribe " link in direct marketing emails from us . You can opt out of direct marketing altogether or you can choose between post , telephone and email . Sky Bet , Sky Poker , Sky Vegas and Sky Bingo customers can opt out of marketing SMS messages by replying " STOP "  Personalisation ( including tailored advertising )  You can opt out by calling us on 08442 414141 or via your MySky account . Please note that if you opt out of personalisation you will not receive tailored advertising . This means you will still see the same number of adverts but they will be ones that appear as standard . Online behavioural advertising If you do not want to receive online behavioural advertising , or do n't want any information processed through the use of cookies , please see the section on cookies . You can also opt out of receiving our newsletters by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link in emails , or via your MySky account . Any queries or comments about this privacy notice or for requests of copies of the information we hold about you should be sent to dp @ bskyb.com or to Customer Relations , Sky Subscriber Services Ltd , PO Box 43 , Livingston , West Lothian , EH54 7DD , UK . Please ensure you notify us of any updates , amendments and corrections to your information by contacting us on 08442 414141 or through MySky . 
Privacy Policy Effective October 30 , 2013 This web site or application ( Site ) is owned and operated by a Sears Holdings Corporation entity or licensee . At Sears Holdings , we want to ensure that you understand what information we gather about you , how we use it , and the safeguards we have in place designed to protect it . If you have questions or would like further information on this topic , please feel free to write to our Webmaster at webmaster @ customerservice.sears.com . This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through this Site . Please note that our subsidiary Lands ' End maintains its own privacy policy . You may view Lands ' End 's privacy policy by clicking here : here Sears Holdings may update this Privacy Policy from time to time . Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes . If we make any material changes , we will notify you either by email or by means of a notice on this Site . We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices . Your use of this Site , and any disputes arising from it , are subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use and all of its dispute resolution provisions , including arbitration , class action waiver , limitation on damages and choice of law . Get answers and information about :  What Type of Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It ? What Information Do We Share and with Whom ? Can I Disable Cookies ? How Do We Handle Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Children ? What About Links to Other Sites ? Interest-Based Ads - Online Advertisements Is My Information Secure ? How Can I Access My Information ? Can I Opt-Out of Receiving Promotional E-mails ? Where Is My Information Stored ? How May I Contact You ? We may collect personally identifiable information ( PII - for example , your full name , email address , mailing address , telephone number , mobile phone number or credit card number ) from you when you voluntarily submit the information to us , such as when you purchase items from us , sign up for one of our services or programs or register with our Site . We may also collect PII from you if , for example , you choose to subscribe to our email program ; participate in sweepstakes , contests , surveys , and polls ; post content or suggestions on this Site ; or use any of this Site 's other features that otherwise permit you to provide information or other content . We also may collect information about you including demographic information ( such as number of household members , age , and gender ) and purchase preference information from third parties . In addition , we may collect information ( such as your interests , hobbies , lifestyle choices , groups with which you are affiliated , products you want , like or own ) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide or information on this Site . We may use the information we collect from and about you to : process and fulfill your order , notify you of your order status , and otherwise provide you with customer service ; respond to your inquiries and requests ; create an account and register you as a registered Site user ( Registered User ) and/or Shop Your Way member ( Member ) ; for marketing purposes and to send you information regarding this Site and other Sears Holdings Sites , as well as about our products , programs or services ; provide you with mobile alerts , if you have requested them ; customize your experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings Sites ; provide you with relevant products and offers ; permit you to use this Site 's social networking features ; or provide you with other services . Please note that message and data fees may apply if you register for mobile alerts . We may also use the PII we collect from and about you for our business purposes , such as data analysis , audits , developing new products and services , enhancing our Sites , improving our services , personalizing your experiences , identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns . We use single sign-on services that allow you to sign into this Site using your third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook , Google or Twitter . This allows you to link your existing social network profile to your Site account . Once connected , you will be able to post content on the third-party web site from this Site and interact with your friends from the third-party site ( s ) . Any information or content that you post to the third-party site will be subject to that site 's own privacy policy . This Site may also access and use available information from your third-party social network profile , such as your name , location , profile picture and information , gender , list of friends , friends ' profiles or postings , email address , wall postings and news feed . We may use your PII to allow you to send messages to a friend through this Site . By using this functionality , you are telling us that you are entitled to use and provide us with your friend 's name and email address . We may collect information about you including demographic information ( such as number of household members , age , and gender ) and purchase preference information from third parties . In addition , we may also collect information ( such as your interests , hobbies , lifestyle choices , groups with which you are affiliated , products you want , like or own ) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide or information on this Site . Some Site features may make use of your device attributes and settings that will allow our Site to determine your physical location . Such technologies may include IP address mapping , WiFi , GPS signals , cell tower positioning or other technologies . We use this information to enhance and personalize your experience and provide you with offers and services that may be of interest to you . For example , this Site may help you find your closest store or send you messages that may be of interest to you based on your current location . Sears Holdings has no control over your device settings , but we do recommend enabling location services on your device so you can take advantage of the location based features and functionality offered by this Site . Non-PII may be collected from you by means of cookies and pixel tags . Cookies are small bits of information that this Site places on your computer . We and our third party service providers use various types of cookies , local shared objects and pixel tags to identify your IP address , browser type , device characteristics , domain name , referring urls and specific links and web pages through which you click . This data is collected automatically and utilized for site operations , fraud prevention and to help us improve this Site and your overall experience . This technology also allows us to recognize you when you return to this Site and to provide you with a customized experience that we feel will be of value to you . We may use and disclose non-PII in any manner for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law . We may share your PII with members of the Sears Holdings family of businesses to provide you with products or services that you have requested , to provide you with promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you and for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy . The Sears Holdings family of businesses includes all Sears Holdings affiliates , as well as other selected third party businesses with which Sears Holdings or its affiliates have a relationship and which have agreed to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information . We do not rent or sell your PII to marketers outside the Sears Holdings family of businesses , unless you authorize us to do so . Sears Holdings may make third party applications available to you on our Sites and you may choose to authorize us to share your information with the application and its publisher . We require third parties who publish applications on our Sites to give you notice of their own privacy policy , which you should review prior to authorizing the application to access your information . We may disclose your PII to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through this Site . You may disclose your own PII on message boards , chat , profile pages , blogs and other social networking features and services to which you are able to post information and materials . Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services may be available to Site visitors and to the general public , depending on the particular service and any privacy settings in place ( such as through your profile ) . Be careful when deciding to disclose your PII , your location or any other information , on this Site . In certain circumstances , we may share your PII with service providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services , such as credit card processors or shipping agents . Our service providers must agree to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information . Unless otherwise disclosed to you , our service providers are prohibited from using your PII for their own marketing purposes . We may provide information about you , which may include PII , to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law , when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it or to respond to requests from government authorities . There may be instances when we may use or disclose your PII in order to protect or defend the legal rights , property or operations of Sears Holdings or our employees or agents ; to protect the rights , privacy , safety or security of users , members or others ; to protect against fraud ; and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain . Sears Holdings may sell , transfer and/or share PII with third parties in connection with a merger , reorganization , joint venture , assignment , spin-off , transfer or sale or disposition of all or any portion of our business , and in the event of a store closing or bankruptcy Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them , blocking them , or notifying you when such a file is stored . Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function . We may also use Flash Cookies , LSOs and other technologies to , among other things , collect and store information about your use of the Services , fraud prevention and other site operations . If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer , you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel . You can also control Flash LSOs by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions ( which may include instructions that explain , for example , how to delete existing Flash LSOs ( referred to " information " on the Macromedia site ) , how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked , and ( for Flash Player 8 and later ) how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time ) . Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications , including , potentially , Flash applications used in connection with the Services or our online content . If you do elect to disable cookies , please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings Sites . This Site is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age . In the event a Sears Holdings Site or portion thereof is directed to children under 13 , the Site will contain a Children 's Online Privacy Policy that complies with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act . This Site may contain links to other Sites that are not owned and operated by Sears Holdings . Sears Holdings is not responsible for the privacy practices of non-affiliated Sites . You should read the privacy statements of each and every Site that collects PII . This Site may display ads from other companies . We also partner with third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf on other non-affiliated third party Sites . Some of the ads on this Site or on third party Sites may be personalized , meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on what we or the online advertising network serving the ad know about you or your computer 's browsing activity . For example , anonymous information collected across multiple Sites that you visit may enable the ad network to predict your preferences and show you ads that are most likely to be of interest to you . Please note that we do not share any information that identifies you personally with the third party service providers who serve ads on our behalf . If you do not wish to receive personalized advertising from us on other Sites , please visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out page . The Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about internet advertising companies , including information about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by their members . See http : //www.networkadvertising.org for general information about the NAI and http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp for the opt-out page . You may also visit http : //www.aboutads.info/consumers/ to learn about online behavioral advertising and how to opt-out from online behavioral ads served by some or all participating companies . If you delete your cookies , use another computer or device , or change browsers , you will need to repeat this process . In addition , opting out of interest-based ads will not opt you out of all ads , but rather only those ads that are personalized to your interests based on activities observed on web sites or mobile apps not owned and operated by Sears Holdings . We maintain reasonable and appropriate physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your PII . While we do work very hard to protect your privacy , no method of security is 100 % effective , and we can not be responsible for the actions of those who may gain unauthorized access to your PII . Sears Holdings makes no warranties , express , implied or otherwise , as to the ultimate effectiveness of its reasonable and appropriate safeguards . You can personalize your experience on this Site and other Sears Holdings Sites by becoming a Registered User or Member . By registering , you will be able to tell us what products and services interest you , and whether you wish to receive information about special sales , promotions and other events . Once registered , you can submit , review and maintain your account profile information at any time by accessing your profile from within the particular Site . Your account information is accessible by using a password that you select or by using third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook , Google or Twitter if you choose to enable this feature . From time to time , we may send you e-mails with promotional offers and messages . If you would no longer like to receive e-mails with promotional offers and messages from this Site , you can unsubscribe from these e-mails by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each promotional e-mail . Please note that you may still receive transactional or relationship or other non-promotional e-mails ( e.g. , order confirmations , shipping notices , statements , important information regarding a product you have purchased , etc. ) . Your PII may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers , and by using our Site , you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence , including the United States , which may have different data protection rules than in your country . This Site is controlled and operated by us from the United States and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at webmaster @ customerservice.sears.com . Because email communications are not always secure , please do not include credit card or other financial information , health or prescription-related information or other sensitive information in your email to us . 
GameStop knows that you care about your privacy and the use of your personal information . This notice describes our Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect about you from any source through our Websites , in our retail stores , through our Power-Up Rewards Program , in any contest or promotion , or any other way . By visiting a GameStop Website or retail store , participating in our PowerUp Rewards Program , or otherwise providing information to GameStop you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy . In this Privacy Policy , " GameStop " means GameStop , Inc. , its Websites and its retail stores located in the United States and Puerto Rico . " Website ( s ) " means GameStop operated websites and mobile applications , including GameStop.com and PowerUpRewards.com . Our Websites may contain links to other websites . GameStop is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites . This Privacy Policy does not apply to other GameStop brands such as BuyMyTronics , Game Informer , Kongregate , or PC Downloads , each of which has its own privacy policy . The word " computer " means any device used to connect to a Website , including , but not limited to , mobile devices . Information That You Give Us : We receive and store any information you enter on our Websites or that you give us in any other way . You can choose not to provide certain information , but this will limit your ability to purchase products offered on the Websites , or to take advantage of some features or promotions . When you place an order with us online , in a store or in any other way , your contact information is used to communicate related information , such as order and shipment confirmation , release date changes and requests for more information to facilitate processing your order . You may opt-out of these communications by canceling your order . We use customer contact information to customize future shopping for you , to improve our Websites and stores , to send you information about our company , and to inform you of sales and special offers . If , after receiving a non-order related email , you do not want to receive such emails in the future , you can notify us by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link attached to each email . We obtain information about you when you search , buy , participate in a contest or questionnaire , communicate with customer service , or otherwise contact us or post information on our Websites . For example , you provide information when you search for a product ; place an order through a Website or provide information to update or create your account with us ( you may have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when shopping with us ) ; communicate with us by phone , email , or otherwise ; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form ; create any wish or gift list ; participate in any forums or discussion areas or product reviews ; or create any alerts or other email notification services we may offer now or in the future . The information collected typically includes your name , address , and phone numbers ; credit card information ; people to whom purchases have been shipped , including addresses and phone number ; content of reviews you may provide ; emails to us ; and any other personal information that you provide to us or post on the Websites . We occasionally run our own email surveys and we ask visitors for contact , demographic and technical information . We use contact data from our surveys to send users information about our company . This information is also used to contact visitors to learn more about specific problems they might have reported or to give them rewards , if such a reward program is part of the survey . The demographic information is used to learn more about the types of people who visit our site . We run contests in which we ask visitors for contact information ( such as their email address ) . We use this information to contact the winners . We may also use or share contest information with our business and marketing partners to offer you products or services that we believe may be of interest to you . We allow customers to post reviews and allow visitors to communicate information on products . When posting a review , you can optionally display your name , an alias , or remain anonymous . However , if you disclose personally identifiable information in your review , that information is public information and may increase your chance of receiving unsolicited email . You should use discretion when disclosing information online . Automatic Collection of Information : If you purchase any products online , or have any other interaction with our Websites , we will receive and store information that you provide or that is generated by your actions . We may also send you personalized emails . These communications may contain links to our Websites that could include unique identifiers capable of correlating any resulting web activity to the originating email communication . Like many websites , we may use tracking pixels/web beacons , " cookies " , or other technologies to receive and store certain information , and this information may also be used by certain third-party advertisers with which we have agreements . Our relationship with third-party advertisers is discussed in more detail under the heading " Third-Party Advertising " below . For example , cookies are placed on your computer ( explained in more detail below ) to remember your name and the contents of your shopping cart . This allows you to leave our site , come back later , and still have the contents of your shopping cart intact . It also lets us personalize your experience at our Websites , tailoring the content to your interests . A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously , but if you use these utilities , it may limit your ability to use personalized features that we offer . The information we receive or can determine from your interaction with our Websites includes your Internet ( IP ) address ; login and password information ; email address ; web browser type and version ; operating system and computer platform ; purchase history , which we may aggregate with similar information from other customers ; the full Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) clickstream to , through , and from our Websites , including date and time ; one or more unique identifiers ; products you viewed or searched for ; areas of our Websites you visited ; and the phone number you used to call our toll-free number . We also may log the length of time of your visit and the number of times you visit and purchase from us . We assign you one or more unique identifiers to help keep track of your future visits . Email Communications : We provide email links on our " Customer Services " page that allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have . We may receive a confirmation when you open any email that we send to you , if your computer supports such capabilities . If you send us any email , we will retain such email and your email address for response . We also may compare our customer list to lists received from other companies , in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary or duplicate messages to you . Information from Other Sources : If we receive any information about you from other sources , we may add it to our account information . For example , if we receive a list of subscribers to a gaming publication , and we note that you are a subscriber , we may include that information in the account information that we store about you . Other examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties , which we use to correct our records ; account information , purchase or redemption information , and page-view information from business partners who operate their own websites or for which we provide any services ; search term and search result information from searches conducted through the website ; and credit history information from credit bureaus , which we use to help prevent and detect fraud . Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are placed by us on your computer 's storage system through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser when you make future visits to our Websites , and to store certain information ( such as items placed in your shopping cart ) between visits . You can stop your computer from storing cookies if you want to . Most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether . You should look in the " help " area shown on your browser 's toolbar . Because cookies allow you to have the benefit of our personalized features , we recommend that you leave them turned on . You MUST have cookies enabled in order to checkout on our Websites . We or our partners may also use Flash Cookies ( also known as Local Stored Objects ) or other similar technologies . A Flash Cookie is a small data file placed on a computer using Adobe Flash or similar technology that may be built into your computer or downloaded or installed by you to your computer . We use these technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience , facilitate processes , personalize and store your settings . Flash cookies may help our Website visitors to , for example , set volume preference associated with a video experience , play games and perform surveys . They help us improve our sites by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to customers . They may be recognized by other sites or by our marketing or business partners . Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and the cookie management tools provided by your browser may not remove Flash cookies . Click here to learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies . If you disable Flash cookies or other similar technologies , please be aware that you may not have access to certain features and services that make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable . Tournaments : If you register for tournaments through GameStop , we may share your registration data with the tournament host and they may use it for internal tracking and analytics . For instance , if you give us your Xbox Live Gamertag for a Microsoft tournament , Microsoft will use that information for internal research . Sharing with Third Parties . We may share customer information that we collect with third parties . Usually , this information will be shared with a third party that has relationship with us as a business partner or marketing partner ( see information on Third-Party Relationships below ) . Also , we may use the information that you provide us , or that we collect about you , in connection with the promotion of our products and services and those of our affiliates . It is not our policy to sell or rent lists of our Website customers to unaffiliated third parties . Sharing with our Contractors . We also may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf . Examples include order fulfillment , package delivery , postal mail and email communications , customer lists management , data analysis , marketing services and assistance which may include content and ads presented on other websites or mobile applications , credit card processing , and customer relationship management . These companies and individuals have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but they are not permitted to use such information for other purposes without our permission . A more detailed discussion of our relationship with certain third-party advertisers is set forth below under the heading " Third-Party Advertising " . Promotional Offers May be Sent to You . We may call you with or send you offers on behalf of our company or other businesses , or permit other businesses that we are working with to call you with or send you offers , if we believe that you may be interested in receiving these offers . If , after receiving a non-order related email , you do not want to receive such emails in the future , you can notify us , by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link attached to each email . If after receiving a phone call , you wish to no longer receive phone calls from us , you can inform the caller or follow the prompt instructions . Sale or Acquisition of Business Units . As we continue to develop our business , we may buy or sell business divisions or companies , we may merge or combine with another company , or our company itself , or all or a significant part of its assets , may be acquired by another company . We may provide any information we have to a potential counter-party in any such potential transaction . If such a transaction is completed , customer information generally is one of the transferred and shared business assets . The information transferred and shared remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy notice ( unless , of course , the customer has agreed to be subject to new privacy notice terms ) . Legal Requirements and Protection of our Websites and Others . We may decide to release your account and other personal information if we believe release is appropriate or necessary to comply with the law , to enforce or apply our website terms of use and other agreements , or to protect the rights , property , or safety of our Websites , our users , or others . This information may be released or exchanged with other companies and organizations to protect against fraud , or for credit risk reduction . We will cooperate with law enforcement and judicial authorities , and we may provide personally identifiable information to appropriate government authorities upon receipt of a subpoena or court order , or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation . We will fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities . We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies activities that we in good faith believe to be illegal . We undertake no obligation or duty to release such information , however , unless we are required to do so under applicable law . Other Circumstances . If we want to share personal information other than as permitted or described above , we will notify you , and you may choose to instruct us not to share the information . We have several types of third-party relationships . We offer an affiliate program through a third-party affiliate manager . This program allows other websites to earn money by directing people ( through links ) to our Website . If you sign up as an affiliate , your contact information ( website address and related information , email address , mailing and payment addresses , and contact information ) is sent to the third-party affiliate manager who activates your affiliate status and pays you based on the sales you generate for our Websites . You may apply for this program using an Affiliate Program application . The Affiliate Program area is clearly labeled , and your information is never collected or shared unless you also fill out an Affiliate Program application . We work with business partners to provide you access to their products and services . For example , our Website includes a link to www.alienware.com . Any information you supply upon entering the www.alienware.com site is collected by Alienware . We link to third-party surveys . When you complete a purchase , you are often invited to participate in a survey to rate your experience . The survey is conducted by a third party ( and is identified as such ) who shares all of the survey information with us , including your email address if you specify it in the survey . We use this information to gauge which areas of our service need improving . If you order from us after visiting Sony 's Playstation.com web site we will forward your PlayStation Underground registration number to Sony along with any information regarding the products you have purchased . Advertisements that appear on our website are sometimes delivered ( or " served " ) directly to users by third-party advertisers with which we have agreements . They automatically receive your IP address when this happens . These third-party advertisers may also download cookies to your computer , or use other technologies such as JavaScript and " web beacons " ( also known as " 1x1 gifs " or " clear gifs " ) to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content . Doing this allows the advertising network to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content . In this way , they may compile information about where individuals using your computer or browser saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked . Third-Party Advertisers may also serve advertisements to you on other websites , based on their tracking of what content you looked at or interacted with on our Websites . GameStop does not have access to or control of the cookies and other tracking technologies that may be placed by the third-party advertisers . Third-party advertisers have no access to your contact information stored by GameStop unless you choose to share it with them . This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by GameStop and does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by any of its advertisers . We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site . These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please see : http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . When you purchase something from our Websites , we use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts certain purchasing information you input , although no known method of data transfer can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card number when confirming an order , but we have to transmit the entire credit card number to the credit card processor or company during order processing . To the extent that you use our Websites , and connect to us through your computer , anyone with access to your computer may be able to access our Websites and conduct transactions in your name . We have no ability to know who has access to your computer , or to your credit card information , or who you have authorized to use such computer or information . Persons with access to your computer may be able to view any private or stored account information or other information that you have given to us . Accordingly , you are responsible for any transactions that are made in your name by someone who has access to your computer or your credit card number . It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to any login or password information , and to your computer . If you have purchased from us or created an account , our site provides you the opportunity to review , correct , or update your account information . You can do this by :  Accessing Gamestop.com and clicking on the " My Account " link . Calling the following telephone number : 1-800-883-8895 Sending mail to the following postal address :  Gamestop.com Customer Service 625 Westport Parkway Grapevine , TX 76051 You always may choose not to provide information and most Internet browsers allow you to control the automatic collection of information from your computer . Obviously , if you choose not to provide necessary information , we may not be able to process your orders or inquiries . If we permit you to update any information that we store about you , we may keep a copy of the previous information for our records . If , after receiving a non-order related email , you do not want to receive such emails in the future , you can notify us , by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link attached to each email . Our Websites , services and applications are designed for and directed at people 13 years of age or older . We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 . If GameStop learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online in contravention of these measures , it will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose ( except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or other as required or allowed by law ) . If you become aware of any personal information we have collected from children under 13 , please contact us at :  Gamestop.com Customer Service 625 Westport Parkway Grapevine , TX 76051 For additional tips on how to help children stay safe on the Internet , we recommend that you visit the following sites :  www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens.html www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/tech/tec14.shtm http : //www.onguardonline.gov/features/feature-0002-featured-info-parents If you choose to visit our Websites or stores , your visit ( s ) and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Conditions of Website Use , including limitations on damages , and application of the law of your state . If you have any concerns or questions about this privacy statement , the practices of the Websites , or your dealings with the Websites , you can contact :  Gamestop.com Customer Service 625 Westport Parkway Grapevine , TX 76051 Whether or not you have viewed our terms and conditions of use of our Websites , or this Privacy Policy , and whether or not you have chosen to not receive notices from us , those terms and notices will still govern your use of Gamestop.com . As is the case with any business , our business changes over time , and our privacy notice and the Terms and Conditions of Use may be updated or changed at any time , as we deem appropriate . We may email reminders of our notices and conditions . You should frequently check our website to see recent changes to these terms and policies . Unless stated otherwise , our current privacy notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account . Conditions of Website Use may be found by clicking here . 
PRIVACY & SECURITY This privacy policy explains what personal information is collected through this Web site , how that information is used , to whom it 's disclosed , and how it 's safeguarded . Unless indicated otherwise , this policy applies only to personal information collected through the Web site , microsites , or mobile sites of our brands and lines of business that expressly adopt , and display or link to , this policy . These brands and lines of business include Victoria 's Secret , Victoria 's Secret Pink , and Pink Nation . By " personal information " we mean your identifying information ( like name , home address , and email address ) , and descriptive information ( like tastes and preferences ) if coupled with your identifying information ( " personally identifying information " ) . We may refer to all our brands and lines of business ( i.e. , Victoria 's Secret , Victoria 's Secret Pink ( or " Pink " ) , and Pink Nation ( by Pink ) ) as " we , " " us , " or " our " throughout this privacy policy . This privacy policy answers these questions : What personal information is collected at our Web site , and how is it used ? How is technology used to serve our advertisements on other Web sites and what choices do you have ? How does this Web site interact with third-party Web sites and content ? What information do we share with third parties and our sister brands ( or what information may they access because of the services they provide to us ) ? What choices do you have over how your information is used ? How do you update your personal information ? How do we secure your information on our site ? Where is personal information stored and processed ? Whom should you contact with questions or concerns ? When was this policy last updated ? 1 . Information You Directly Provide through this Site We collect personal information directly from you to do all the things typically associated with Web sites . Examples of the information we collect include name , address , phone number , email address , personal preferences , credit card number , purchase and ordering information , demographical information , responses to survey questions and sizing information . This information is collected at various places : for instance , when you check out with your online order ; subscribe to catalogs , email offers , and Pink mobile messaging offers ; participate in surveys ; join Victoria 's Secret Pink Nation ; enter contests or sweepstakes ; or interact with special-event or program offers . We may also collect information that you provide about people you know . For example , we collect your gift recipient 's contact information to process your gift orders . We use personally identifying information to do things like :  process your online orders ; open an online account at your request ; personalize your online experience with content and offers that are tailored to your interests ; provide customer service , whether it 's responding to a request or following up on an order ; include you in surveys and contests ; enable you to post your content , such as comments or images ; facilitate networks of online social activity centered around our products and services ; improve our website , improve the manner in which offers are made on our website , improve purchase decisions of our visitors and the interactions visitors have with our website ; enable you to interact with third-party content service providers , whether by linking to their sites , viewing their content within our Web environment , or by viewing our content within their Web environment ; and market products and services for each of our brands -- for instance , by adding you to the Victoria 's Secret and Victoria 's Secret Pink email list or Victoria 's Secret print-catalog list when you make an online purchase ; or by adding you to the Pink Nation email list if you sign up for Pink Nation . 2 . Information We Observe or Collect through Technology a . Navigational Information When you visit this Web site , we collect navigational information , such as browser type and version , service-provider identification , IP address , the site from which you came , and the site to which you navigate . Navigational information is largely anonymous in the sense that it does n't contain your name , address , phone number , email address or other information that directly identifies you . However , we may associate this navigational information with your personal information if you provide it . b . Cookies and Clear gifs To better understand what you do while on our site , we use a browser feature known as a cookie . A cookie is a small data file that 's stored by your Web browser on your computer . It 's used to do things like see how you navigate our Web site , what you click on , and remember you and your online purchases when you return . This helps us improve our site , provide better customer service , personalize your online experience , and personalize offers to you based on your unique tastes and both your online and offline ( e.g. , in-store ) interactions and purchase history . We also use clear-gifs ( also known as a Web beacon or Web bug ) on our Web site and in our emails . A clear gif is a nearly invisible pixel-sized graphic image on a Web page , Web-based document or e-mail message . It helps us do things like view the URL of the page on which the clear gif appears and the time our Web site or email in question is viewed . Clear gifs in e-mails help us confirm the receipt of , and response to , our emails , including those that you forward to friends and family ; and they help deliver a more personalized online experience . These technologies may be used to help us see which of our interactive experiences online users like mostfor example , by keeping track of the number of times a video , widget or other media is accessed or embedded on social networking sites ; and on which social networking sites it is embedded , based on inquiries that are sent to our Web site . Cookies and clear gifs also allow us to associate your online navigational information , or purchases and interactions ( both online and offline ) , with any personal information you provide ( such as name , address , phone number , survey responses , and email address ) . We 'll associate this information to deliver products and services to you ; to improve our business ; to transact business ; and to market our products and services on this and other Web sites and through a variety of media like email , mobile advertising , and direct mail . As an example , we may use cookies to keep track of what you put into your shopping bag . That can help us contact you if your online session is disrupted in mid-purchase , resulting in an abandoned cart . We can also use this technology to determine whether you 'd be interested in participating in special events , given your preferences . The end result is a more personalized experience that 's tailored to your needs and tastes . 3 . Information Others Observe or Collect through Technology Third-party service providers help us provide certain features on our site and analyze our visitor 's site and purchase preferences . They may also help us deliver ads to you about our products through banner ads when you visit other web sites ( often referred to as " online network advertising " ) . The following provides more information about these service providers and the choices you have with respect to their services . a . Features We use third-party services to provide certain features on our Web site . These third parties use some or all of the technologies described in Information We Observe or Collect Through Technology to provide these features . b . Analysis We contract with analytics companies to better understand your use of our Web sites , and Web capabilities like embeddable widgets . These third parties may serve surveys to determine satisfaction with the Web site and then tie the responses to actual behavior on the Web site , which will allow us to improve our Web sites and Web capabilities . They accomplish this by using some or all of the technologies described in Information We Observe or Collect Through Technology . Back To Top We contract with third-party advertising companies to deliver tailored online display and banner advertising to you on other Web sites . To serve this advertising , these third-party companies place , use , or rely on technology , such as cookies and clear gifs , as customers interact with us through our Web sites and interact with other Web sites . Once this information is gathered , it helps us select tailored ads for placement on these other Web sites , based on a customers combined online and offline ( e.g. , in-store ) shopping history and experience with us . For information about opt out programs that these third party advertising companies participate in , and the effect of opting out , click the following : [ NAI Opt Out click here ] and [ DAA Opt Outclick here ] ( you 'll then leave this site for centrally managed online sites where you may specify your preferences under those programs ) . You can also click the preference icon that may appear on some of our advertising served through use of these technologies . You should also note that our systems may not recognize Do Not Track headers from some or all browsers . Back To Top We may enable you to navigate to third-party sites and services , or otherwise display third-party content . We do this for your convenience . We do n't endorse or generally have any affiliation with these third parties . And we do n't control and are n't responsible for their Web practices . It is possible that the third party providing content through our Web site may collect or observe information through its use of technology.Whether the third-party content appears within our Web environment ( like a map frame ) , or you leave our Web site for another site to view it , those service provider 's terms , conditions , and privacy policies govern your online experience ( unless there 's a conspicuously posted statement by us that says otherwise ) . Please view their terms of service and privacy policies if you have any question about their practices . Here 's a partial list of the sites or content of these third parties :  1 . Interactive Maps We may facilitate easy access to the online maps of content providers like Google , Microsoft , and Yahoo ! There you can get quick location , driving , and contact information for our stores . 2 . Inline Framing We may provide content on our Web site that exists on other Web sites , such as live or recorded video , through a frame surrounded by content from our Web site ( this framed content is referred to as an iFrame ) . The iFrame is used to facilitate easy access to the content from the other Web site . 3 . Sweepstakes , Contests , and Survey Sites We may rely on the expertise of third-party service providers to run sweepstakes , contests , and surveys . Navigation to these sites may be seamless so that it appears you 're still in our Web site environment . In these cases , the third-party 's privacy policy may apply to any personal information you provide in connection with the event . So please take note of who 's running the event in question ; and the terms , conditions , and policies that apply . 4 . Social Networking or Other User-Generated-Content Sites , and Other Websites We may at times facilitate easy access to third-party sites , like social networking sites and other sites that host user-generated content . This may include easy click-through access or even " single sign-on " to these sites . The third-party 's privacy policy applies to any personal information you provide at these sites . 5 . The Angel Credit Card Site We enable you to navigate easily to the site of World Financial Network Bank ( WFNNB ) , where you can apply for the Angel card and pay invoices online . WFNNB issues and owns the Angel credit card accounts . When you apply online for an Angel credit card or pay your account online , you leave our site and interact directly with WFNNB . Any information you provide to WFNNB is subject to WFNNB 's terms , conditions , and policies , including its privacy policy . 6 . Third-Party Rewards or Membership Programs We may interact with certain unrelated companies that offer their customers memberships to participate in programs , which may include rewards for purchases from us . If you become a member of one of these programs or purchase something from us at this Web site through such a program , we may provide the company administering the membership program enough information about you or your purchase ( like contact information , transaction date , transaction amount , and order number ) , to enable it to honor your membership . We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the companies sponsoring these membership programs . Their terms , conditions , and policies apply to any information that 's provided to them to further their programs . Back To Top 1 . Our Sister Brands We may also share the information described in this policy , like postal and email address , customer preferences , and purchase history within our corporate family so that our affiliates may market to you . Our affiliates include such brands as Bath & Body Works , Beauty Avenues , Inc. , C.O . Bigelow , Henri Bendel , White Barn , the La Senza family of brands , Mast Global , and Slatkin & Co ..  2 . Contractors We use third-party " back-office " contractors to help handle parts of our business because of their expertise , resources , or scale . They help us do things like fulfill orders , process payments , provide some customer service through chat features , monitor site activity , serve surveys and provide analysis from the surveys when combined with website use , maintain databases , administer and monitor emails , ( e.g. , from Victoria 's Secret or Pink Nation ) , administer and send mobile messages ( e.g. , from Pink ) , serve ads on this and other Web sites as described above and provide consulting services . Contractors may also assist us in hosting microsites and mobile Web sites where you may provide personal information about you and others you know ; and where they may observe information about you in the same way as described above ( see What Personal Information Is Collected At Our Web Site , and How Is It Used ? )  3 . Other Marketers We may share your name , postal address , and summary purchase information with other merchants and merchant exchanges . Other merchants may , in turn , use this information to send you offers on their products and services . If you do n't want this information shared with these merchants and exchanges , please click here . 4 . Law Enforcement and Emergency Response We may disclose specific information about our Web-site visitors if we have a good-faith belief that it 's necessary or authorized under the law to protect our customers , the public , or our business . 5 . Sale or Merger In the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business assets , including a brand or line of business , consumer information may be one of the business assets that are transferred in connection with the transaction . Nothing in this policy restricts our ability to share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you . Back To Top 1 . Email If you make an online purchase you may receive Victoria 's Secret or Victoria 's Secret Pink email . You may stop future delivery of these emails by following the removal instructions located at the bottom of each commercial email or by completing the removal from e-mail form . If you have joined Pink Nation , you may receive Pink Nation email . If at any time you 'd like to stop future delivery of Pink Nation email offers , simply follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of each Pink Nation message . Opting out of any of these emails will not stop operational or transactional messages such as email confirmations of your online orders , or customer service communications from the brand or line of business in question . We may occasionally provide you with the opportunity to opt in to receive email messages from third parties . If you do opt in , we 'll share your e-mail address with the specific third party in question . Please review their privacy policies to see how they treat your personal information . 2 . Mobile Messaging If you 've signed up for mobile text messaging offers ( e.g. , from Pink ) but later decide you no longer wish to receive offers from one or both of these brands or lines of business , simply follow the opt-out instructions included in the mobile message . 3 . Postal Mail : Catalogs If you 'd like to specify your preferences for our catalogues ( including or postal-mail offers ) , simply follow the instructions on each such catalogue , or dial 1-800-411-5116 . To reduce postal mail click here . 4 . Victoria 's Secret Pink Nation Please keep in mind that Pink Nation is a separate and stand-alone program , which you may join by visiting the Pink Nation Web site . Accordingly , your unsubscribe preferences for Victoria 's Secret and Victoria 's Secret Pink wo n't affect your Pink Nation preferences ( and vice versa ) . Please specify those preferences separately . 5 . Cookies , Clear Gifs , and Online Network Advertising You may always choose to block cookies or even clear cookies from your computer . Simply follow your browser 's instructions on how to block and clear cookies . Note that blocking cookies may not block the " first-party " cookies that are placed on your computer when you visit this site . By first-party cookies , we mean those cookies ( whether placed by us or a contractor ) that help us see how visitors use our site , and enable us to deliver our ads on our Web sites and other Web sites . Otherwise , clearing cookies after each visit here will prevent observations from multiple sessions being aggregated over time . Please consider the consequences of blocking or clearing cookies . Many Web sites rely on their cookies to provide you with services or features that you have requested or expect . With respect to cookies used as part of a survey , if you do not want the use of cookies to associate survey responses with your behavior on the site , you can elect to not take the survey . If you want to opt out of the display of our online advertising , which appears on other Web sites , and which is based on the association of your online information with your offline information through interactions with us ( purchase information , in particular ) , then please click the preference icon that may appear on such advertising . Additionally , if you want more information about online network advertising , in general , including access to some online network advertisers that allow you to designate your preferences , click here ( you 'll then leave this site for a centrally managed online site where you may specify your preferences ) . 6 . Other Marketers If you do n't want your basic contact and purchase information shared with other marketers ( other than our affiliates and our contractor/service providers ) , please click here . 7 . Our Affiliates If you do n't want your contact and purchase information shared between our affiliates ( such as Bath & Body Works ) , please call 1-800-411-5116 and request not to have your information shared . Back To Top We prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date . You may update or modify your billing- and shipping-related information , and other account information , by logging onto our sites ( e.g. , Your Account on Victoria 's Secret and Victoria 's Secret Pink , or Edit Profile on your Pink Nation account ) . You may also update or modify your catalog mailing information by clicking here . Back To Top This Web site has the following types of security measures : limited access data-centers , firewall technology , and secure-socket-layer ( SSL ) certificate authentication . SSL is encryption technology that provides security for information that 's transmitted over the Internet . This site accepts orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through SSL technology-for example , Internet Explorer ( version 6.0 or higher ) , Firefox ( version 3.0 or higher ) , Safari ( version 4 or higher ) , Chrome ( version 2 or higher ) , and AOL ( version 9 or higher ) . While we implement the above security measures on this site , you should be aware that 100 % security is not always possible . Back To Top We may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries . Our parent company ( L Brands ) has become a participant in the Safe Harbor program ( developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union ) specifically for our Victorias Secret and Victorias Secret Pink stores inand email sign-up Website forthe United Kingdom . ( They are governed by separate privacy policies , which may be accessed in those stores and on that Web site. )  L Brands has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Security , Data Integrity , Access and Enforcement with respect to personal data transferred from the European Union ( EU ) to the U.S . For more information about the Safe Harbor program and to view L Brands ' certification , please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site . If you wish to make an EU-related inquiry about privacy or data transfer , please contact our Associate Vice President ( AVP ) of Legal and Compliance Services Back To Top 1 . General inquiries If you have general questions about our Privacy Policy , please feel free to contact us . 2 . Specific Questions about this Policy For specific questions , concerns , or complaints contact our Associate Vice President ( AVP ) of Legal and Compliance Services , who administers this policy . You may contact this person by letter or email at :  AVP , Privacy Legal & Compliance Services L Brands , Inc. 3 Limited Parkway Columbus , OH 43230 US generalcounsel @ limitedbrands.com ( ATTN : Privacy Matter )  3 . Safe Harbor Program Additionally , if you are an EU resident , and your matter is not resolved to your satisfaction through direct contact with our AVP , Privacy , you may contact the Direct Marketing Association ( DMA ) . We utilize the DMA Safe Harbor Program as an independent dispute resolution mechanism to address any complaint EU residents may have regarding data privacy matters . You may contact the DMA by letter or email at :  Safe Harbor Line Direct Marketing Association 1615 L St. , NW Suite 1100 Washington , DC 20036 US safeharbor @ the-dma.org Back To Top Please click here to view any material and substantive changes made since the last revision of this privacy policy . If you 're concerned about how your personal information is used , please visit our site often for this and other important announcements about VictoriasSecret.com . This Privacy Statement is effective December 17 , 2013 
Yahoo takes your privacy seriously . Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy . The federal government and technology industry have developed practical tips to help you guard against Internet fraud , secure your computer and protect your personal information . How Yahoo Uses Your Personal Information This policy covers how Yahoo treats personal information that Yahoo collects and receives , including information related to your past use of Yahoo products and services . Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available . This privacy policy only applies to Yahoo This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control , or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage . In addition , some companies that Yahoo has acquired have their own , preexisting privacy policies which may be viewed on our acquired companies page . Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program Yahoo participates in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union . To view our certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site . For more information about Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program , please visit our Safe Harbor details page . Return to top General Yahoo collects personal information when you register with Yahoo , when you use Yahoo products or services , when you visit Yahoo pages or the pages of certain Yahoo partners , and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes . Yahoo may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies . When you register we ask for information such as your name , email address , birth date , gender , ZIP code , occupation , industry , and personal interests . For some financial products and services we might also ask for your address , Social Security number , and information about your assets . When you register with Yahoo and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us . Yahoo collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners , including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer . Yahoo automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser , including your IP address , Yahoo cookie information , software and hardware attributes , and the page you request . Yahoo uses information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients . Return to top When Yahoo has knowledge that a child under age 13 is attempting to register with Yahoo , we ask the child to have a parent or guardian create a Yahoo Family Account to obtain parental permission . Visit Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts to learn more about children 's privacy on Yahoo . Return to top Yahoo does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances : We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo under confidentiality agreements . These companies may use your personal information to help Yahoo communicate with you about offers from Yahoo and our marketing partners . However , these companies do not have any independent right to share this information . We have a parent 's permission to share the information if the user is a child under age 13 . See Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts for more information about our privacy practices for children under 13 . We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims . We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Yahoo 's terms of use , or as otherwise required by law . We transfer information about you if Yahoo is acquired by or merged with another company . In this event , Yahoo will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy . Yahoo displays targeted advertisements based on personal information . Advertisers ( including ad serving companies ) may assume that people who interact with , view , or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteriafor example , women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area . Yahoo does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad . However , by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad . Yahoo advertisers include financial service providers ( such as banks , insurance agents , stock brokers and mortgage lenders ) and non-financial companies ( such as stores , airlines , and software companies ) . Yahoo works with vendors , partners , advertisers , and other service providers in different industries and categories of business . For more information regarding providers of products or services that you 've requested please read our detailed reference links . Return to top Yahoo may set and access Yahoo cookies on your computer . Yahoo lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer . Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not this one . Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Yahoo 's cookies . Yahoo uses web beacons to access Yahoo cookies inside and outside our network of web sites and in connection with Yahoo products and services . Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences General You can edit your Yahoo Account Information , including your marketing preferences , at any time . New categories of marketing communications might be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time . Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive . We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Yahoo service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and the Yahoo Newsletter , that are considered part of your Yahoo account , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them . You can delete your Yahoo account by visiting our Account Deletion page . Please click here to read about information that might possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted . Return to top We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs . We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you . To learn more about security , including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take , please read Security at Yahoo . CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Yahoo may update this policy . We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Yahoo account or by placing a prominent notice on our site . Return to top If you have questions , suggestions , or wish to make a complaint , please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at : Yahoo ! Inc . Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues 701 First Avenue Sunnyvale , CA 94089 ( 408 ) 349-5070 If you feel that your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please click here for information on consumer agencies that may be able to provide you with additional assistance . Last Updated : May 31 , 2013 
This privacy policy lets you know what information we collect , how we may share that information , and your choices regarding the sharing of your information . This policy applies to Walgreens stores , Walgreens.com , any Walgreens Affiliate sites where you may interact with any of the Walgreens Family of Companies , and other places where we may collect personal information . By visiting Walgreens.com , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice . Personally Identifiable Information : Is information we collect that uniquely identifies you , the customer . This information may contain name , shipping address , email address , phone number , and prescription information , as well as other information you may choose to share while interacting with our site and online services . Non-Personal Information : Anonymous information is that information we collect that is not traceable to any individual person or computer . Walgreens utilizes this data to analyze trends and understand customer needs while shopping and interacting on our site so that we can provide a better user experience . For example , Walgreens may use cookies , web beacons , log files and other technologies to collect information about visitors to our Website , and interactions with our online advertisements and offerings . You can browse our sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself . Once you give us your personal information , you are not anonymous to us . If you choose to provide us with personal information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers . We may collect and store the following personally identifiable information :  Email address , physical contact information , and shipping , billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item ; Clicks and page information such as the address ( or URL ) of the web site that you came from before visiting our site , which pages you visit on our site , which browser you used to view our site and any search terms you have entered on our site ; Chat session information for customers using our Pharmacy Chat Service , which is logged for quality control purposes but not linked to your individual pharmacy record Customer service history including dispute resolution , correspondence through our sites , and correspondence sent to us ; Other information from your interaction with our sites , services , content and advertising , including computer and connection information , statistics on page views , traffic to and from the sites , ad data , IP address and standard web log information ; Information you choose to provide through the linking of devices where you are actively choosing to share personal information , including health information , to interact with an application or program we host on our site ; Information you choose to allow us access to through social media channels ; Information from other companies , such as demographic and navigation data ; and When you sign up for pharmacy services or order prescription drugs , our registration process asks you to provide us with a limited amount of personal and/or health-related information . This information is necessary to process your order and use our web site to access such functions as print prescription history and Auto Refills . Categories of personally identifiable information include : name , address , phone number , e-mail address , date of birth , billing/shipping information ( credit card number , shipping address ) , and Rx number . Cookies and Beacons " Cookies " are small files placed on the hard drive of your computer . Most cookies are " session cookies , " meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive once you sign out from Walgreens.com or close your web browser . We use cookies to provide features and services , such as :  Allowing you to enter your password less frequently Remembering your preferences Presenting information that 's targeted to your interests Measuring the effectiveness of our sites , services , content , and advertising Providing other services and features that are available only through the use of cookies A " web beacon " is an electronic image placed in the code of a web page . We use web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page to another and to improve site performance . We do n't sell or rent your personal information online to third parties for their marketing purposes . Personalization and experience improvements : We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services , content and advertising , as well as measure and improve its effectiveness . Walgreens advertising on other websites : Walgreens collects information about your activities on certain websites to send you targeted ads through the use of Flash Cookies . Examples include location-based advertising to provide information relevant in your area , or advertising that is specific to your device ( such as iPhones , tablets , or Android phones ) . In some cases , third parties may allow us to target advertising based on websites you have visited or demographic information . In these cases , your data is not collected by Walgreens or shared with Walgreens for direct use in our advertising . To opt-out of Flash Cookies , you may go to Adobe at http : //helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-third-party-local-shared.html . To opt-out of behaviorally targeted ads on third party sites you may go to http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ . Third Party Offers : We may send offers to selected groups of customers on behalf of other businesses . When we do this , we do not give that business your name and address . If you do n't wish to receive e-mail marketing communications from us , simply indicate your preference under My Account/Communication Preferences or by following the directions provided with the communication or advertisement . Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient , and customized experience . Agents : We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf . These functions may include fulfilling orders , delivering packages , hosting sites from this website or walgreens.com including the photo site , product reviews , developing pictures or photo products , sending postal mail and e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , analyzing data , or processing credit card payments . They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes . Prescriptions : We will not intentionally release your prescription information other than to you , Walgreen Co. and its subsidiaries , our agents ( such as contracted fulfillment parties , if any ) , your authorized representative , or your prescriber or other authorized medical professional . We may forward your prescription information to your insurance plan , so that we can handle reimbursement of your prescription purchase for your convenience . Disclosures : As required by law we will disclose medical and other information which may relate to you . For example , in compliance with the Methamphetamine Control Act of 1996 , We will provide the Drug Enforcement Administration with the name and address of each individual who purchases products on this website or Walgreens.com which contain the ingredients ephedrine or pseudophedrine . We , or our photo site host , may also disclose information which we believe to be in violation of Title 18 of the United States Code , Sections 2251 et seq. to appropriate law enforcement agencies . Invitees : You may invite other parties to view the content in your Photo Albums . Photo.Walgreens.com will share such information as may be necessary for your invitees to view the albums you designate . Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy stores or assets . In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets . Also , in the unlikely event that Walgreens or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets and is permissible under law . Protection of Walgreens and Others : We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with laws ; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of this website or Walgreens.com , our users , or others . This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction . We may work with other companies who place cookies or web beacons on our websites . These companies help operate our websites and provide you with additional products and services . Our web site uses a third-party service provider to serve images . This service allows us to improve your overall customer experience . We contract with Omniture , a service partner , to provide us with a data collection and reporting service to measure the effectiveness of promotions and e-mails as well as perform analysis of our customers ' activities on Walgreens.com . Information shared with Omniture includes ZIP code , gender , year of birth , city and state , and email address . No other personally identifiable information , such as your name , street address , etc. , is shared with Omniture . We contract with DoubleClick , a service partner , to serve ads on Walgreens.com and other sites . This technology uses cookies and beacons to improve our advertising . It tracks your visits to Walgreens.com and other sites so we may serve more relevant ads to you . No personally identifiable information about you is shared through this technology . Doubleclick does not share aggregate , unidentifiable info with third parties . Our relationship with AARP requires that we provide cookies to assist their contracted providers , i.e. Hitbox , with tracking for pages that have an AARP.walgreens.com url . Walgreens shares these cookies and unique url tags with AARP and their third-party service provider ( s ) for the purposes of web analytics and measurement . No personally identifiable information is shared . Our photo site is hosted by Snapfish , a subsidiary of Hewlett Packard Corporation . Log-in information to the photo site such as name , address , e-mail address , Walgreens.com user name , and opt-in/opt-out information relating to photo site promotions as well as credit card information provided to the photo site is shared with the photo site host and photo mail fulfillment vendor . These vendors are contractually prohibited from using the information obtained in the course of providing these services to photo.walgreens.com in any manner other than to help us provide the services available on the photo site . We may work with other companies who operate their own websites or mobile apps , to allow them to offer Walgreens customers the ability to connect to Walgreens services . These services give you more options for ways to use Walgreens services from websites or apps that are not owned or operated by Walgreens . We contract with companies including Samsung and Google to allow Walgreens customers to access their Balance Rewards account from those partners ' websites and/or mobile apps . This may include the ability to join Balance Rewards , add an existing Balance Rewards membership , and/or access your account balance . It is our intent not to sell to persons under the age of 18 and it is our policy not to do so . We sell children 's products for purchase by adults . If you are under 18 , you may use this website only with involvement of a parent or guardian . However photo.walgreens.com does allow for the viewing of albums by minors above the age of 13 but purchases of products must be made by an adult . Walgreens is committed to securing your personal information . We use technology that is designed for use with secure web servers . Prescription drug information resides in a database behind a firewall where it can not be accessed without proper authorization . Secure Sockets Layer ( " SSL " ) technology encrypts your personal information as well as your prescription health history as it is transmitted over the Internet . You maintain the security of your medical information by keeping your user name , password and other personal information confidential . Walgreens customer service representatives will never request your password . We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order . Of course , we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing . It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer . Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer . We recommend that you take the following precautions to safeguard your data : Use a complex password with unique numbers , letters and special characters , and do not disclose your Walgreens password to anyone . If you do share your password or your personal information with others , remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account . If your password has been compromised for any reason , you should immediately change your password . Keep your computer software up to date with the latest browser and anti-virus security software . Be aware of increasingly common email scams that may use your email address to contact you and ask for personal or sensitive information . Always be cautious when opening links or attachments from unsolicited third parties . Also know that Walgreens will not send you emails asking for your credit card number , social security number or other personally identifiable information . So if ever asked for this information , you can be confident it is not from Walgreens . Stop receiving e-mail and mobile marketing communications by changing your preferences online . If you have an online account , login to Your Account and click on Communication Preferences . If you do not have an online account you may click Unsubscribe from the bottom of Walgreens emails , and reply STOP to our text messages to stop receiving emails and SMS text messages . To request unsubscribing by email , contact Customerservice @ mail2.walgreens.com . Set your Web browser to not accept new cookies or web beacons , or be notified when you receive a new cookie , or disable cookies altogether . However , please note that without enabling these features , your experience on Walgreens.com will not be as smooth and you will not be able to take full advantage of our website 's features . Please see the Help section of your browser for instructions on managing security preferences . As our business changes , we will continue to implement new technologies and improve the services and features we provide . This privacy policy and the Terms of Use will be updated to reflect these changes . The use of information that we gather now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time of use . If there are changes or additions to this privacy policy , we will post those changes here or in other formats we deem acceptable , so that you will always know what information we collect online or offline , how we use it and what choices you have . It is your responsibility to review our privacy policy and Terms and Conditions for changes . If you have questions about our Privacy Policy , contact us by : Phone : ( 847 ) 236-6518 E-mail : privacy.office @ walgreens.com Regular mail : Walgreen Co . Privacy Office Attn : Privacy Officer 200 Wilmot Rd , MS 9000 Deerfield , IL 60015 
This policy applies to customer information we collect in the United States and Puerto Rico at Sam 's Club retail stores and through our websites . Sam 's Club has a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for its personal information practices relating to our operations in our retail stores . This Notice is available at each Pharmacy and Optical Center . We collect your information from the following sources : Information you give us , such as during transactions , Member services , surveys , and online registrations . Information from other sources , such as companies that help us to update our records , and Information automatically collected when you visit our websites , such as via cookies , and in Clubs , such as via video cameras . Read more about Information We Collect Sam 's Club does not sell or rent your personal information . Sam 's Club Membership uses your information to provide products and services and to support core business functions . These uses include order or service fulfillment , internal business processes , marketing , authentication , loss and fraud prevention , public safety and legal functions . We may combine all the information we collect . We may disclose your information within our corporate family of companies . We may disclose your personal information to third parties under the following limited circumstances : with service providers or suppliers that help with our business operations or joint products ; with the company that we partner with to offer credit card programs , if you apply for Sam 's Membership , to help you obtain the highest credit limit possible this may include your Membership and application information ; with carefully selected companies who may offer you products and services of interest , you may opt-out of this sharing ; in order to respond to Member inquiries from the account 's primary Member or from an officer or principal of a Business Member ; for certain business Members who purchase business resale merchandise , such as tobacco products , we may share information with our partners in order to enable them to offer such customers discounts or rebates . with your consent , and when necessary to protect the safety , property , or other rights of Sam 's Club , Members , or associates , or when otherwise required by law ; we may transfer any information we have about you in connection with a merger or sale ( including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings ) involving all or part of Sam 's Club or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control . Read more about How We Use and/or Share Your Information We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us . Examples include email newsletters , special offers , and new product announcements . We use the following communication standards : We will not contact you via text message without your express consent ( opt in ) , We use an opt-out standard for all other marketing communications . This means we will conduct the activity unless you tell us not to . ( opt out ) . Learn more about how to opt out in the " Your Choices " section below . Information from other sources , such as companies that help us to update our records , and Information automatically collected when you visit our websites , such as via cookies , and in Clubs , such as via video cameras . Read more about Information We Collect Member Services - for Club experience , marketing preferences , product questions and general feedback/questions . Email Privacy Office - for privacy or Sam 's Club Privacy Policy feedback/questions . We recognize the importance of privacy and believe it is a matter of trust . Read our entire privacy policy . We are committed to providing you a fair and timely response to any privacy concern or questions you bring to us . Visit our corporate Privacy & Security Information Center for general tips and resources . Privacy Policy - Full Policy Sam 's Club recognizes the importance of our Members ' privacy . We believe that privacy is more than an issue of compliance - it is one of trust . We strive to manage your personal information based on our basic belief of respect for the individual . This policy describes : How and why we collect your personal information . How your information is used and protected . When and with whom we share your information . The choices you can make about how we collect , use , and share your information . Notice and Scope of Our Privacy Practices Our goal is to provide clear , prominent , and easily accessible information about our privacy practices . This policy applies to Member information obtained by Sam 's Club in connection with its operations , both in Clubs and online , in the United States and Puerto Rico . Sam 's Club has a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for its personal information practices relating to our Health and Wellness operations in our retail stores . This Notice is available at each Pharmacy and Optical Center . Information We Collect We collect personal information about you to deliver the products and services you request and to help improve your shopping experience . We strive to limit the amount of personal information collected to support the intended purpose of the collection . Information You Give Us We collect personal information from you in a variety of ways when you interact with Sam 's Club , both in Clubs and online . Some examples are when you : Sign up for a Sam 's Club Membership ; Make an online or in-Club purchase from us ; Use a gift registry ; Conduct a transaction where we collect information , including when required by law ( such as purchasing certain cold medications ) ; Request Member service or contact us ; Submit a Sam 's Club related story , testimonial , rating or review , or other user-generated content that may be posted on the site ; Participate in a contest , sweepstake , promotion , or survey ; or Otherwise submit personal information to us along with any related content of the communication . Personal information is information that identifies you or is reasonably linked to you . The personal information we collect may include contact and payment information like your name , email and physical addresses , phone numbers , and credit and debit card information . When you ask us to ship an order , we may collect information you provide us such as the name , address , and phone number of recipients . For certain transactions , we may be required to collect information to comply with legal requirements . Information from Other Sources We may receive personal information about you from other sources as well . Examples of these sources are entities that can help us correct or supplement our records , improve the quality or personalization of our service to you , and help prevent or detect fraud . In addition , we may collect information from consumer reporting agencies or other service providers if you obtain certain financial products . Automated Information Collection We receive and store certain types of information when you interact with our websites , emails , and online advertising . Our purpose is to allow the websites to work correctly , to evaluate use of the website , and to support website analytics and marketing campaigns . Some examples include : We may collect technical information such as your internet protocol address , your computer 's operating system and browser type , the address of a referring website , if any , and the path you take through our web pages . We use " cookies " to recognize you as you use or return to our sites . This is done so that we can provide a continuous and more personalized shopping experience for you . A cookie is a small text file that a website or email may save to your browser on your hard drive . We may also use web beacons . Beacons allow us to know if a certain page was visited , an email was opened , or if ad banners on our website and other sites were effective . Our Clubs utilize cameras Clubs for security and operational purposes , such as to measure traffic patterns . Except for security purposes , we do not use these cameras to identify you personally . How We Use Your Information Sam 's Club uses your information to offer and provide our products and services and to support our core business functions . These include order or service fulfillment , internal business processes , marketing , authentication , loss and fraud prevention , public safety and legal functions . Some examples include : To fulfill your requests for products and services and communicate with you about those requests ; To register and service your account ; To administer surveys , sweepstakes , contests , and promotions ; To provide Member service and alert you to product information , including recalls ; To help us improve and customize our service offerings , websites , and advertising ; To send you information about our products , services , and promotions ; and To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business . To accomplish these purposes , we may combine personal and non-personal information we collect online with offline information , including information from third parties . We may transfer or disclose your information within our corporate family of companies for these purposes . Sam 's Club may also receive and share information within the family of Walmart companies to better understand Member needs and improves services . How We Disclose Your Information Outside Sam 's Club Sam 's Club does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties . We only disclose your personal information with your prior consent or under the following limited circumstances . Service Providers We may disclose or otherwise make available personal information about you to service providers that help with our business operations . Examples are shipping vendors , billing and refund vendors , payment card processors , and companies that help us improve our product and service offerings and our websites . Your personal information may be stored and processed by our service providers in the United States or other locations where the service providers or Sam 's Club maintain facilities . We require our service providers to keep your information secure . In addition , our service providers may not use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf . Legal Requirements and Protection of Our Company and Others We may disclose your information in other special circumstances . These include situations when the sharing is necessary to protect the safety , property , or other rights of Sam 's Club , our Members , our associates , or any other person , or where otherwise required by law . Examples include protecting the health or safety of Members , or addressing crimes committed on Sam 's Club property . Data from in-Club security cameras may also be provided to law enforcement upon written request . Sam 's Club may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order , or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law , or as otherwise required by applicable law . Credit Offers If you apply for a Sam 's Club Membership , we may share your information with the company that we partner with to offer credit card programs . To help you obtain the highest credit limit possible this may include your Membership and application information . Similarly , if you qualify for a credit account and are not offered a credit account by a Sam 's Club Associate we may share your information with our partner , so that they may extend the offer of credit as required by law . However , you can choose to stop receiving prescreened offers of consumer credit from all companies , including prescreened offers of Sam 's Club credit , by calling 1.888.567.8688 . Marketing Purposes From time to time , we may disclose information with carefully selected companies who may offer you products and services of interest . To opt out of this sharing click here and follow the instructions . These opt-outs do not apply to the Sam 's Club co-branded credit card or to data sharing regarding business customers that purchase business resale merchandise . Business Member Inquiries We may share information regarding a Business Membership with the account 's primary Member or an Officer or Principal of the business in order to respond to their inquiry . We may share information about Business Members resale merchandise purchases , such as tobacco products , with our partners in order to enable them to offer such customers discounts or rebates . Business Transfers We may transfer any information we have about you in connection with a merger or sale ( including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings ) involving all or part of Sam 's Club or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control . Your Choices Data Collection , Use , or Disclosure Sam 's Club collects , uses , or discloses your personal information consistent with this policy . The method of obtaining consent is appropriate for the type of personal information being collected , used , or disclosed . For example , we will obtain your express consent ( verbal , written , or electronic agreement ) to collect , use , or disclose personal health information in accordance with law . In other situations , we consider consent to be implied , such as to use your email for marketing purposes , unless you opt out of these communications such as by unsubscribing . Marketing Preferences We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us . Examples are newsletters , special offers , and new product announcements . We use the following communication standards : We use an opt-in standard for text messages . Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your express consent . We use an opt-out standard for email or for other marketing communications like mail . Opt-out means we consider your consent is implied , but will not conduct the activity on your request . You may opt-out of receiving different types of Sam 's Club marketing material in the following ways Online : By logging on to your samsClub.com account and clicking " edit " on the Member profile section . By Email : You may email privacy @ samsClub.com for assistance . By Mail : Sam 's Club , 2101 SE Simple Savings Drive , Bentonville , AR 72716-0745 , Attention : Membership Department By Phone : You may call Member Services by dialing 1.888.746.7726 . In Club : You may request to opt out at the Membership desk of your local Sam 's Club . If you contact us by email or mail , please be sure to include your full name , Membership number , and the types of communications you would like to receive or not receive , and your related contact information . For instance , if you would like to opt out of mail , include your mailing address . Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed . It may take up to 10 days to process your requests related to email and 4-6 weeks for other requests . Please be aware that , even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us , we may still contact you for transactional purposes . Some examples are contacts for Member service , product information , service or reminder notices , or recalls . We may also need to contact you with questions or information regarding your order , such as regarding order status , shipment , or refunds . How to Access and Update Your Information Sam 's Club takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete . You can access or update your personal information , including contact or account information , in the following ways : If you have created an account on one of our websites , log into your account . Once you do , you will be able to enter and update your own contact information and payment information , as well as contact information for recipients you have designated . Contact us at the email or postal address listed in the " Contact Us " section at the bottom of this policy . Please include your current contact information , the information you are interested in accessing , and your requested changes . We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available , unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals and subject to reasonable limitations provided by law and internal procedures . Otherwise we will describe the types of information we typically collect . We will provide access and make changes you request , or will provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to take with regard to the request . If you need help accessing your information related to a service provided by a third party , we will assist you by referring you to the third party . Please contact us via the " Contact Us " section below . If you need assistance accessing records related to your Vision Center , Pharmacy , or financial services information , please visit the section below related to " Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information. "  You can deactivate your Sam 's Club account if you wish . Please contact our Member Service Department by calling 1 ( 888 ) 746-7726 for further instructions about deactivating your Samsclub.com account . Joint or Co-branded Marketing Material : We may also share your personal information with partners when we team up to offer or provide products , services , contests , or promotions that are of value to Members . If you would like to opt-out of this type of sharing , click here and follow the instructions . Please note your choice to opt-out under any of the above will apply only to the individual cardholder Membership . If there are several cardholder Memberships under a single Account ( such as a spouse 's card or add-on card ) , each person with a Membership card must opt-out . Credit offerings The above marketing preferences do not apply to our credit card offerings since these are provided through our financial institution partner ( s ) . However , you can choose to stop receiving prescreened offers of credit from all companies , including our prescreened offers , by calling 1.888.567.8688 or by going to www.optoutprescreen.com . Online Operations and Advertising You may exercise choices related to our online operations and advertising . For instance , you can choose to browse our websites without accepting cookies Please know that cookies allow us to recognize you from page to page , and they support your transactions with us . Without cookies enabled , you will still be able to browse our websites , but will not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain website features . To learn more about cookies , including how to refuse cookies on your computer , follow these links : Microsoft Internet Explorer Mozilla Firefox All About Cookies Adobe Flash Cookies You may also opt-out of certain online advertising called interest-based advertising . Interest-based ads are ads that are served to you based on your browsing behavior . The goal is to show you ads more tailored to your interests . We may use how you browse and shop in order to show you advertisements on our website that are more relevant to your interests . As an example , if you browse for electronics with us or other sites , we may show you ads for electronics as you browse our website . Advertisements may relate to Sam 's Club or our advertising partners . We do not disclose personal data about you with advertising partners to place an ad for them . We only retain data related to the ads for legitimate business purposes . In addition , we belong to ad networks that may use your browsing history across participating websites to show you interest-based advertisements on those websites . You may see ads for Sam 's Club on participating websites based on how you browse our website and those sites . We do not allow the network provider to provide your browsing behavior on our website to other websites . You may opt-out of either interest-based advertising on our website , or interest-based advertising on other sites , as described above . Other websites you visit may offer their own opt-out methods as well . If you do opt-out of interest-based advertisements , you may still see advertisements on websites you visit , just not ads based on your browsing behavior . About Our Ads Ads Displayed on SamsClub.com Sam 's Club may use how you browse and shop in order to show you ads for Sam 's Club or our advertising partners that are more relevant to your interests . Learn more about your options , including how to opt out of this type of advertising . Please note : If you choose to opt out , you will continue to see ads on SamsClub.com , but they will not be based on how you browse and shop . Sam 's Club Ads Displayed on Other Sites Some websites may belong to ad networks that use your browsing history across websites to choose which ads to display on their sites ; the displayed ads may include advertising for Sam 's Club . To learn more , and to opt out of seeing interest-based advertisements on these sites , visit the Network Advertising Initiative home page . Websites may also offer their own opt-out methods for interest-based advertising . Sam 's Club Advertising Sam 's Club may use how you browse and shop in order to show you ads that are more relevant to your interests . If you choose to opt out , you will continue to see ads while browsing SamsClub.com , but they will not be based on how you browse and shop . Cookie Status : Your current settings allow you to see interest-based advertisements while browsing or shopping on SamsClub.com . Once you have opted out , we will no longer use your browsing and shopping behavior to select which ads are displayed to you on SamsClub.com . You will continue to see ads on our site . To successfully opt out , you must have cookies enabled in your Web browser ( see your browser 's instructions for information on cookies and how to enable them ) . Opting out only applies to your current Web browser on your current computer . If you use multiple computers or multiple Web browsers , you must opt out using each one . Once you opt out , if you delete your browser 's saved cookies , you will need to opt out again . How to Access and Update Your Information Sam 's Club takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete . You can access or update your personal information , including contact or account information , in the following ways : If you have created an account on one of our websites , log into your account . Once you do , you will be able to enter and update your own contact information and payment information , as well as contact information for recipients you have designated . Contact us at the email or postal address listed in the " Contact Us " section at the bottom of this policy . Please include your current contact information , the information you are interested in accessing , and your requested changes . We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available , unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals and subject to reasonable limitations provided by law and internal procedures . Otherwise we will describe the types of information we typically collect . We will provide access and make changes you request , or will provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to take with regard to the request . If you need help accessing your information related to a service provided by a third party , we will assist you by referring you to the third party . Please contact us via the " Contact Us " section below . If you need assistance accessing records related to your Optical , Pharmacy , or financial services information , please visit the section below related to " Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information. "  How We Secure Your Information Securing your information is a company priority . Whether you are shopping online or in our Clubs , we use reasonable security measures to help protect the confidentiality of personal information . Online Protections Your account information is protected by the password you use to access your online account . Please keep this password confidential . We also use a technology called Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) . If your browser is capable of SSL ( and most are ) , your account information will be protected during transport across the Internet . When you enter a secure portion of a website , which is any page containing any of your account information , an image of a closed lock or a solid key should appear in the bottom bar of your browser window . If you click on this image , a small pop-up window displaying website security information will appear . This display indicates that your personal information is transmitted in encrypted form to a Sam 's Club web server , not to some unknown or unauthorized server . Hard Copy and Electronic Storage Protections Personal information that is maintained in our offices or Clubs is subject to physical , administrative , and technical controls as well . Hard copies of sensitive personal information are maintained in locked locations or cabinets with similar restrictions for electronic storage . When disposed of , the information is shredded , destroyed , erased , or otherwise sought to be made unreadable . Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information Pharmacy and Optical Centers When you use our Pharmacy and Optical Center services , you may provide us with your health information so that we may process your request . We understand the sensitive nature of such information and respect your privacy by keeping it confidential in accordance with laws and our policies . Our Notice of Privacy Practices for personal health information describes how we protect the information and how you may access it . This notice is provided to you by the Pharmacy or Optical Center at the first time of service or can be requested at any time at your local Sam 's Club . Financial Products and Services When you obtain financial products and services from us , and our partner , GE Capital Retail Bank ( GECRB ) , we may collect and use certain financial-related information . We understand the sensitive nature of this information as well , and protect it in accordance with laws and our policies . Find out more about GECRB 's Privacy Policy . We protect payment card information we collect during transactions . We comply with industry standards that require safeguards for handling and securing Member information . These include using secure networks ; encryption or other protection of cardholder data ; physical and technical access controls ; monitors and tests of security systems ; and information security policies . Changes to the Sam 's Club Privacy Policy Please check our privacy policy periodically for changes . We will also notify you of significant updates and will post the date it was last updated at the bottom of the privacy policy . Contact Us Email Member Services - for Club experience , marketing preferences and general feedback/questions . Contacting the Privacy Office Email Privacy Office - Please feel free to contact the privacy office with any questions or comments about this policy or about how your information is handled . You can also contact us via the addresses below : Mail : Sam 's Club Corporate Privacy Office , MS # 505 508 SW 8th Street Bentonville , AR 72716-0160 Your California Privacy Rights Our privacy policy describes how we share information for marketing purposes . The policy and rights apply to all Members , including California residents : We share information with others outside of Sam 's Club , unless you ask us not to ( opt-out ) . See How We Share Your Information Outside Sam 's Club . We also share information with other businesses within our corporate family , such as Walmart . See How We Use Your Information . Please contact us with any questions , or to request a list of third parties to whom we may disclose information for marketing purposes and the categories of information we may disclose , via the Contact Us section above . Effective : September 25 , 2013 
At QVC , we are committed to giving you quality service . As part of that commitment , we gather information about our customers , users of our websites and other services , and visitors so we can better serve you . Because we realize that your privacy is important to you , your privacy is also important to us . Whether you visit or buy from our show , one of our stores , or one of our websites such as QVC.com , or through one of our other services such as QVC 's mobile services or a QVC software application ( i.e. , a widget ) downloaded to your desktop ( all of which together with our websites we will refer to as " services " ) , you can be assured that we respect the confidentiality of personal information that identifies you and treat that information responsibly . As described in this Privacy Statement , we do not authorize the selling or renting of your personal information to third parties for their business purposes . By using a QVC service , you accept the practices that are described in this Privacy Statement , which is effective as of September 11th , 2008 , and is part of the General Terms and Conditions of Use governing use of this website and the terms and conditions governing any other QVC service you use . If , however , another QVC service sets forth a separate or additional privacy statement , terms and conditions , or other policy , then that separate privacy statement , terms and conditions , or other policy shall apply in connection with your use of that service . This Privacy Statement does not apply to personal information that is collected through the websites of QVC 's affiliates based outside the United States or through any other services offered by QVC 's affiliates outside the United States . We may change or add to this Privacy Statement from time to time . When that happens , we will post the revised Privacy Statement here . Your use of one of our services after changes to this Privacy Statement have been posted constitutes your knowledge and acceptance of those changes ( i.e. , that the changes may be applied to the information we collect from and about you ) . QVC is not responsible for the privacy or data collection policies or practices of the services from which you access our services , of services we link to , or of any services that are linked to our services . This Privacy Statement tells you what kinds of information we collect about our customers , users , and visitors , how we use that information and with whom we may share it , and how you can access and change our information about you . If you have additional questions about QVC 's privacy practices or would like more information , please contact Privacy-Statement @ QVC.com . What personal information do we collect from our customers ? What other kinds of customer information do we collect ? How do we collect this information ? How do we use cookies ? How do we use web beacons ? What if you do n't want to give us personal information ? How do we protect our customers ' personal information ? How do we use information about our customers ? How do we share customers ' personal information with third parties ? How do we share other kinds of information about our customers with third parties ? How can users check or change the information we collect from or about them ? What are third party affinity programs ? Do we collect personal information from children ? View our Safe Harbor Statement We gather personal information about our customers so we can better serve you , and we make reasonable efforts to ensure the security of your personal information and to treat that information responsibly . We collect the personal information that you give us voluntarily or in response to our request when you choose to purchase a product from us or use one of our services . For example , when you register with QVC we will ask you to provide information such as your name , e-mail address , physical address , and telephone number . Registration with QVC is generally required to make a purchase or to use one of our community functions such as posting a message on a community forum or submitting a product review . Similarly , we will ask you for contact information if you use our notify a friend program or if you request that we send you e-newsletters or other promotional notices or seek information or assistance from us . If you purchase a product , we will also ask you for financial information such as your QCard or other credit card number and for a billing address and a shipping address . Additional personal information may be collected from you in connection with your use of certain optional services and features we offer . For example , if you register for QVC 's mobile services , we will ask you to provide information such as your cell phone number and the name of your mobile provider , as well as the payment method , billing address , and shipping address you want to use for any purchases through this service . You will also be requested to specify payment and shipping information in advance if you want to purchase items using a speed purchase feature . Similarly , entering one of our contests or sweepstakes , submitting an employment application , or using one of our community functions may involve our collection of further personal information from you such as your social security number and chosen nickname . If you sign up to receive Today 's Special Value e-mails , messages or e-newsletters , you may be asked to provide information concerning your personal interests . We may also collect personal information from your creation of wish lists or reminders . If you are a member of one of our third party affinity programs , we may also collect personal information from you about your membership and your purchases from us . Return to top If you ask us to ship a purchase to somebody else or you use our notify a friend feature , we will ask you to provide the name and address or e-mail address of the person to whom you are sending or recommending the product , as well as your name and contact information . We may also obtain personal information about you such as contact information , updated address and shipping instructions , and credit information from agents , consultants , contractors , carriers , and other third parties . We may also collect contact and other information about prospective customers . Additionally , our system keeps track of technical information about your computer or mobile device , such as the browser type and version , browser plug-in types and versions , and operating system of your computer , the Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) or other provider you use to access certain of our services , and your internet protocol ( ip ) address , location , and time zone setting . To help us understand the use of our services by our visitors and improve your shopping experience and to aid us in marketing and managing our services , we also automatically collect information as to how you were directed to them , how you navigate around them , what products you browse , and your purchasing activities . Return to top When you register with QVC , we compile the personal information you give us about yourself into an individual profile , adding other personal information about you to that profile as we obtain it . We also collect information about your purchases and other uses of our services as they occur . Personal and other information about prospective customers may be collected by us or obtained from our business partners or other third parties . We automatically gather other information ( including the technical information identified above ) when you access certain of our services , including through the use of cookies and web beacons . Return to top Cookies enhance our ability to serve you . Basically , they 're pieces of text that a website stores on your computer an identification code of sorts . This cookie can be accessed by the website when you revisit it . We use two types of cookies : session cookies and persistent cookies . Session cookies terminate shortly after you terminate your internet session . Persistent cookies are stored on your hard drive until they expire or are deleted . Both types of cookies help provide an enhanced user experience since they recall your use of the Internet and our services , shopping preferences , shopping cart information , and your password . We understand that not everyone wants to permit the use of cookies . The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies and how to disable cookies , but we recommend that you leave cookies turned on so that you can take full advantage of the shopping features we offer . Return to top Web beacons are small , transparent graphics that are placed on web pages to track how visitors arrive at a website and what they do there . We use web beacons to track customers ' visits to and browsing activities at our websites and to compile sales and statistical data . For example , beacons let us know when a purchase is made on one of our websites by a member of one of our third party affinity programs and when a purchase is initiated by an advertisement we placed on a third party 's website . This information assists us in marketing and managing our websites and enhancing your shopping experience . Return to top Personal information is required for you to make a purchase , request information or assistance , or take advantage of certain services and features we offer , such as QVC 's mobile services and desktop applications , our notify a friend feature , community functions , contests or sweepstakes , or on-line employment applications . If you do not want to provide personal information through use of these services and features , you are free to look for products offered through any of our marketing channels and place a telephone order by calling 1.888.345.5788 toll-free or by visiting one of our stores . We respect the confidentiality of all your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement whether you give it to us over the telephone , at one of our stores , or via any other means . Return to top QVC participates in the VeriSign Secured Seal Program . All of your personal information is encrypted by Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software when it is transmitted to us via the Internet to any website address beginning with https . We maintain the servers that store this information in a facility with restricted access . We also truncate your credit card number to the last four digits when we communicate with you about your order . Return to top We use your personal information to process your orders . This includes for example , contacting you to confirm your order , fulfilling it , and shipping it . We may also contact you about your order . Additionally , we will use your contact information to send you e-newsletters or other promotional notices , or to respond to requests for information or assistance from you . If you are a member of one of our third party affinity programs , we will use and disclose your personal information to administer and manage that program . Similarly , if you choose to participate in certain services or features we offer such as QVC 's mobile services and desktop applications , our notify a friend feature , community functions , contests or sweepstakes , and on-line employment applications , we will use your personal information to administer and manage those services and features . We may also use your personal information to improve our service to you , to customize the content you see , and for research , marketing , and other business purposes . For example , we periodically review customer information as part of servicing our accounts . We may also contact you from time to time to inform you of the services that we offer and to gather information about how we can improve them . Finally , we analyze information we obtain automatically , including from cookies and web beacons , concerning our customers ' use of , access to , and navigation of our services and their browsing and purchasing activities to improve , customize , and market our services and content , to enhance our customers ' shopping experiences , and for research , marketing , and other business purposes . Return to top In order to receive and process your orders and requests , we may provide your name , address , and other personal information , such as your e-mail address and telephone number , to other entities such as credit card companies and package delivery services ( for example , American Express , Visa , UPS , and USPS ) . Similarly , if you order a product that is shipped directly from another company , or offered by us in conjunction with another company , we will share personal information about that order with the other company . We may use third party agents , consultants , and contractors to perform business functions on our behalf , including customer service , credit review , account servicing , customer research , marketing , provision of IT services , and records maintenance . We give these entities access to our customers ' personal information to perform these functions for us . We DO NOT authorize them to use that information for any other purpose . Additionally , we share personal information about you when you voluntarily use certain optional services and features we offer . For example , if you are a member of one of our third party affinity programs , we will share information concerning your purchases from us with the organization running that program . If you ask us to send a particular product to another person or use our notify a friend feature , we will tell that person we are sending the product or e-mail at your request . If you participate in a contest or sweepstakes or submit an employment application , we may share the information you submit with others assisting us in the administration of that feature . If you use one of our community functions , the content of your posting will be available to all other participants and will be accompanied by your user name or chosen nickname . It is possible that QVC or part of its business or one of its affiliates could merge with , acquire or be acquired by another business entity and your personal information could be among the assets transferred . If this occurs , you will be notified of the change by e-mail or notice on this website or one of our other services . We reserve the right to share personal information about you with our affiliates in the course of our business operations . We also reserve the right to share personal information about you when we believe this to be appropriate to comply with the law or in cooperation with legal authorities , to enforce the General Terms and Conditions governing use of this website and the terms and conditions governing the use of our other services , or to protect the rights , property , safety , or other interests of QVC and its customers . Return to top We may share non-personal , non-individually identifiable information about our customers with the group of people with whom we share personal information , as well as with other third parties such as vendors , advertisers , and marketing firms . Return to top You can always review your personal profile at QVC and correct or update it by going to the area of one of our services dealing with customers ' accounts and accessing the specific type of information that you wish to correct or update . You can also change personal information such as your shipping address or payment method when ordering . You can subscribe to or unsubscribe from e-newsletters and other promotional notices by going to the area on one of our services dealing with customers ' accounts and accessing the type of communication service you wish to change . Our customer service representatives are also ready to assist you in checking or changing your personal profile or removing your name from our contact lists . You can reach them through links to customer service that appear throughout our services , by e-mail , or by calling 1.888.345.5788 toll-free or writing to :  QVC , Inc . Customer Service 1200 Wilson Drive West Chester , PA 19380 You can opt out of our use of cookies to recall information about you by setting your browser not to accept cookies or to disable cookies . You can not access or change the non-personal information that we collect . However , you can opt out of the process by which certain categories of information are collected at this website by clicking here . Return to top Occasionally , we participate in rewards programs with other business organizations where customers who are also members of these businesses will get a credit or a reward for their QVC purchases from the other member organizations . We also sometimes advertise QVC products on other services in the form of a link so that visitors can click over to our services and purchase the products if they are interested . In these situations , we share information about our customers ' QVC purchases with these other member organizations and other services under the contracts these entities have with QVC . Return to top Our services are not intended for use by children , and the terms and conditions governing the use of our services require that you must be at least 18 years old to use them . In addition , we do not solicit or collect information from anyone who tells us that he or she is under 13 years of age . 
The LivingSocial privacy policy ( the Privacy Policy ) is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the collection , use and disclosure of Personal Information and other information you submit to us through LivingSocial . By accessing or otherwise using the LivingSocial websites , e-mails or other services ( collectively LivingSocial ) , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy ( which is incorporated into and forms a part of the LivingSocial Conditions of Use ) and consent to the processing of your information according to the Privacy Policy . Collection of Information Use and Disclosure of Information Choices About Your Information Third Party Advertising and Sites Security Children 's Personal Information Access Enforcement Changes to this Privacy Policy How to Contact Us We collect the following types of information : Personal Information that You Provide In general , we collect Personal Information that you submit to us voluntarily through LivingSocial . We also collect information that you submit in the process of creating or editing your account and user profile on LivingSocial . For example , our registration and login process requires you to provide us with your name , valid e-mail address and password of your choice . Use of some of our services may require you to save a delivery or shipping address . When you personalize your profile and use the features of LivingSocial , we will collect any information you voluntarily provide , and we may also request optional information to support your use of LivingSocial , such as your year of birth , gender and other demographic information . We collect information in the form of the content that you submit during your use of LivingSocial , such as photos , reviews , ratings and other information you choose to submit . We may also collect information about you and your friends who use LivingSocial from any social network you may have connected from , in order to provide you with a more personalized experience . For instance , we may collect your user name or profile information that you have permitted to be displayed through LivingSocial in order to display you as a friend or in association with your profile and connections . To enable payment for services purchased through Living Social , we collect and store billing and credit card information . For example , when you purchase a Deal , you submit your credit card or other payment information so that our service providers can process your payment for the Deal . When you sign up for , or win , any contests , sweepstakes or other activities that we make available on LivingSocial , we will collect the information designated along with such activity , which may include contact information such as your address and phone number . If you choose to sign up to receive information about products or services that may be of interest to you , we will collect your e-mail address and other related information . Additionally , we collect any information that you voluntarily enter , including Personal Information , into any postings , comments or forums within the LivingSocial community . Personal Information from Other Sources We may receive Personal Information about you from other sources with which you have registered or interacted , companies who we have partnered with ( collectively , Partners ) or other third parties . We may associate this information with the other Personal Information we have collected about you . E-mail and E-mail Addresses If you send an e-mail to us , or fill out our Feedback form through LivingSocial , we will collect your e-mail address and the full content of your e-mail , including attached files , and other information you provide . We may use and display your full name and e-mail address when you send an e-mail notification to a friend through LivingSocial or the social network from which you have connected to LivingSocial ( such as in an invitation , or when sharing your content ) . Additionally , we may use your e-mail address to contact you on behalf of your friends ( such as when someone sends you a personal message ) or to send notifications from a social network or other website with which you have registered to receive such notifications . We may also use your e-mail address to contact you for things such as notifications of limited-edition shop sales and other related information . You may indicate your preference to stop receiving further promotional communications as further detailed below . Information Collected Via Technology As you use LivingSocial , certain information may be passively collected and stored on our or our service providers ' server logs , including your Internet protocol address , browser type and operating system . We also use Cookies and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators ( URLs ) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and viewed , or on which of the advertisements displayed on LivingSocial you clicked . An Internet protocol address , or IP Address , is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet . In some cases your IP Address stays the same from browser session to browser session ; but if you use a consumer internet access provider , your IP Address probably varies from session to session . Cookies are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer 's hard drive while you are viewing the site . We may use both session Cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent Cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience with LivingSocial . Persistent Cookies can be removed by following your Internet browser help file directions . In order to use our services offered through LivingSocial , your web browser must accept Cookies . If you choose to disable Cookies , some aspects of LivingSocial may not work properly , and you may not be able to receive our services . You can manage your cookie preferences via your browser settings ( see http : //www.aboutcookies.org for more information )  Mobile & Location Information If you use mobile-enabled services provided by Living Social , such as any LivingSocial mobile application made available by us , we may receive information about your use of our services from your mobile device while you use our applications or services . This may also include information about your precise location if you have enabled location-based services on your mobile device . Certain applications or services may also require addition information collection , such as information to be sent when you are not logged into LivingSocial for alerts services , and the terms of such collection will be identified when you subscribe to or sign up for such services or applications . Social Media Information Certain information you post or provide through LivingSocial for public posting , such as your name , profile , comments , collections and reviews , may be shared with other users and posted on publicly available portions of LivingSocial , including without limitation , social media applications and other public fora in which you choose to participate . Please keep in mind that if you choose to disclose Personal Information when posting comments or other information or content through LivingSocial , this information may become publicly available and may be collected and used by others , including people outside the LivingSocial community . Please also be aware that if you choose to share or tweet deals or your purchases , they will become publicly available on the Facebook and Twitter websites . It is up to you to make sure you are comfortable with the information you choose to provide us and the information you choose to publish . We will not have any obligations with respect to any information that you post to parts of LivingSocial available to others , and recommend that you use caution when giving out personal information to others through social media networks or otherwise . You may choose to log in or access Living Social using the Facebook Connect feature or by downloading the LivingSocial mobile app through Facebook or another third party platform . By doing this , you are authorizing that third party platform to send us certain information from your account with them , and you authorize us to collect , store and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to us through the third party platform . Feedback Information If you provide feedback to us , we may use and disclose such feedback for any purpose , provided we do not associate such feedback with your Personal Information . We will collect any information contained in such feedback and will treat the Personal Information in it in accordance with this Privacy Policy . You agree that any such comments and any e-mail we receive becomes our property . We may use feedback for marketing purposes or to add to or modify our services without paying any royalties or other compensation to you . In general , Personal Information and other information you submit or share with us is used for the following purposes by LivingSocial : to enable your access to our services ; to provide , maintain , protect , develop and improve LivingSocial ; to fulfill your requests for products and services ; to customize the content and advertisements you receive from us and our trusted partners ; and to offer you additional information , opportunities , promotions and functionality from us or on our behalf , or from our partners or our advertisers at your request . Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy , we do not sell , trade , rent or otherwise share for marketing purposes the Personal Information that we collect with third parties , unless you ask or authorize us to do so . We may provide your Personal Information to third-party service providers or affiliates who work on behalf of or with us to provide some of the services and features of LivingSocial and to help us communicate with you . Examples of such services include sending e-mail , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , voucher management services , processing payments ( including credit card payments ) and providing customer service . We limit information provided to the aforementioned affiliate and third party service providers to the extent necessary for them to provide the services and require such service providers to promise not to use such information except as necessary to provide the relevant services to us . We may share some or all of your Personal Information ( other than credit card information ) with Merchants whose Deals you have purchased for their commercial purposes and to provide the Deal . If you do not want us to use or disclose Personal Information collected about you in the manner identified in this Privacy Policy , you may not use LivingSocial . Certain Deals may expressly require you to submit information for fulfillment at the point of purchase , and Merchants may separately request information from you as necessary to redeem the Voucher you have purchased , or for their own purposes . A merchant 's collection and use of any information shall be governed by that Merchant 's own privacy policy . Additionally , we do share your content preferences and other information with social networks you have connected with LivingSocial , along with those companies and persons you have asked us to share your information with . We may share some or all of your Personal Information with LivingSocial affiliated and group companies that are under a common control , so that they may send daily deal e-mails to you , in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy . We use Google Analytics to better understand how visitors interact with our site . This service provides non-personally identifiable data including but not limited to data on where visitors came from , what actions they took on our site and where visitors went when they left our site . If you would like to learn more about this service , or about choices to opt out from it , please click here . In addition , HasOffers provides us with analytics services related to downloads of our mobile app . If you would like to learn more about this service , or about choices to opt out from it , please click here . We may also develop non-personal information concerning LivingSocial users , using de-identification processes to help ensure that such information can not reasonably be re-associated or connected with you as an individual . Generally , we aggregate this information and use it in statistical analysis to help us analyze patterns in the use of LivingSocial . This Privacy Policy does not limit our use or disclosure of de-identified information ( i.e. , that is not connected with you as a user ) in any way , and we reserve the right to use and disclose such information to our partners , advertisers and other third parties in our discretion . In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger , acquisition by another company or sale of all or a portion of our assets , your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred . You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy , and that any acquirer of ours or that acquirer 's assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy . We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to ( a ) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us ; or ( b ) to protect and defend our rights or property , you , or third parties . You hereby consent to us sharing your Personal Information under the circumstances described herein . We offer you choices regarding the collection , use and sharing of your Personal Information . You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes . When you receive promotional communications from us , you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further promotional communications from us and you will have the opportunity to opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the promotional e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly at privacy @ livingsocial.com . Despite your indicated e-mail marketing preferences , we may send you administrative e-mails regarding LivingSocial , including , for example , administrative and transactional confirmations , and notices of updates to our Privacy Policy if we choose to provide such notices to you in this manner . If you use Living Social services provided through mobile devices , you may have additional choices , including over whether location services are enabled . Additionally , if you use other social media services in connection with Living Social , the providers of these services may provide you with additional choices concerning the types of data shared with LivingSocial . We may enable advertisers and ad servers to promote third-party products and/or services by placing advertisements on LivingSocial . These advertisers and ad servers may use Cookies , Web Beacons ( which are usually small , transparent graphic images ) or similar technologies in order to monitor information related to the serving of their advertisements , and may use information gathered over time and across Web sites in order to make the ads you receive more relevant . Clicking on such advertisements will direct you to the website of a third-party and the advertiser . We also engage in remarketing to market our sites , products and services or those of our trusted advertising partners across the web : when a user visits our site , a Cookie is dropped on the user , and advertising networks may deliver targeted advertisements to users with this Cookie . We do not share any of your Personal Information with our remarketing ad networks or advertisers . You have choices about third-party advertising : both the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance allow you to opt out from online behavioral advertising by their participating companies . LivingSocial may contain links to other websites or may make third-party applications available to our users . Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites or applications . We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every website they visit or application they use . This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through LivingSocial and does not apply to these third-party websites or applications . The ability to access information of third parties from LivingSocial , or links to other websites or locations , is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such third parties , their products , their services , other websites , locations or their content . We are committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information . We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access , use or disclosure . Even though we have taken significant steps to protect your Personal Information , no company , including us , can fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information . LivingSocial does not direct its websites to children under the age of thirteen . We market families-related products or services for purchase by adults . We require registered users of the site to be at least eighteen years old . Protecting the privacy of children is very important . If we obtain actual knowledge that a registered user is under eighteen , we will promptly delete information associated with such account . By using LivingSocial , you are representing that you are at least eighteen years old . You have the right to request a copy of the Personal Information that we hold about you . If you would like a copy of some or all of your Personal Information , please contact us at privacy @ livingsocial.com . We may charge a reasonable fee for this service . We want to make sure that your information is accurate and up-to-date . You may ask us to correct or remove information that you think is inaccurate . You may change any of your profile information by editing it in the profile settings page . Personal or other information about you collected on LivingSocial sites and services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which LivingSocial or its affiliates , subsidiaries and services providers maintain facilities . LivingSocial complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of information from European Union Member Countries . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , please visit the Safe Harbor Website . This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision at our discretion , and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Information , we will post an alert on this page or may otherwise post an alert on the LivingSocial website . If you object to any such changes , you must cease using LivingSocial . Continued use of LivingSocial following notice of any such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes . California Residents If you are a California resident , you may request that we provide to you ( i ) a list of the categories of personal information about you that LivingSocial has disclosed to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes during the calendar year preceding your request , ( ii ) the names and addresses of such third parties , and ( iii ) if the nature of the third parties ' business can not reasonably be determined from their names , examples of the products or services marketed , if known to LivingSocial , sufficient to give you a reasonable indication of the nature of the third parties ' business . To submit your request , please e-mail privacy @ livingsocial.com . If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy , please contact us at : privacy @ livingsocial.com . Last updated : January 22 , 2013 
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Effective Date : This Privacy Policy became effective in November , 1999 , and was most recently changed on November 7 , 2010 . At Bed Bath & Beyond we are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and therefore do not sell or rent our customers ' Personal Information to any third party . Further , we do not share your Personal Information with any third parties for their direct marketing purposes without first providing you the opportunity to opt-in or opt-out of such sharing . You may request information about how we share information consistent with this Privacy Policy by contacting us at : privacy.information @ bedbath.com . The www.bedbathandbeyond.com web site ( the " Site " ) is owned , operated and maintained by Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. , the parent company to the group of subsidiaries that operate retail store chains under the names Bed Bath & Beyond , Christmas Tree Shops , Harmon and Harmon Face Values and buybuy BABY , and such other brands as we may acquire or launch from time to time . We refer to Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. , as , the " Company " while we refer to the Bed Bath & Beyond , Christmas Tree Shops , Harmon and Harmon Face Values and buybuy BABY and other brands collectively as , the " Brands " . We refer to the Company and the Brands together as " Bed Bath & Beyond " " we " " us " or " our. "  This page sets forth our policies regarding the use and disclosure of information we collect from or are able to obtain about the Site 's users . We refer to these policies as our Privacy Policy . In addition to the lower case words we us and our defined above , you will notice that we capitalize certain words in this Privacy Policy even though the rules of grammar do not require that they be capitalized . We do this because these words have specific meanings in this Privacy Policy . These specific meaning are found where the capitalized words are placed in bold text and inside quotation marks . We hope this Privacy Policy will answer your questions regarding how we treat information gathered from our Site . If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy , other than requests for our information sharing practices as described in the first paragraph above , please feel free to contact us at customer.service @ bedbath.com or , if you wish to exclude your Personal Information from our direct marketing programs including e-mail , please refer to the section titled How to Opt-Out , below . This Privacy Policy governs use of the Site and all the web sites operated by us , except where the Company or one of the Brands may have a separate policy in place for a specific web site other than the Site ( an Other Web Site ) . In such a case the policy applicable to the Other Web Site will be available at the Other Web Site and will govern the use of the Other Web Site . This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to us , or that we may obtain through means other than the Site , such as by phone or postal mail , but please note that Personal Information obtained through such means will be treated in accordance with the first paragraph above and our use of such Personal Information will be consistent with this Privacy Policy . By accessing and using the Site you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy . If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy , you are not authorized to use the Site . Furthermore , by providing us with Personal Information on this Site , you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of such information in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy . As we update and diversify our products and services , this Privacy Policy may change . We reserve the right , at our discretion , to change , modify , add , or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time . Please check this page for updates periodically . If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy , we will notify you here . Unless the law otherwise requires , we do not provide notice of changes to this Privacy Policy and your use of the Site following any posted changes will indicate your acceptance of such changes . This Privacy Policy became effective in November , 1999 , and was most recently changed on November 7 , 2010 . The last change to this policy was :  Clarification on our use of third party advertisers Clarification regarding the use of Personal Information for processing returns and exchanges , and for protection against fraud and error Elimination of paragraph regarding information sharing with UPromise , whose participants now receive their benefits through other means What Information Do We Actively Collect and Inactively Gather ? In order to process orders efficiently , when you place an order with us or register an account on the Site we actively collect the following personal information : name , billing address , shipping address , e-mail address , phone number , and credit card number ( Personal Information ) . If you prefer not to disclose your Personal Information online , you can always place your order by calling 1-800-GO BEYOND ( 1-800-462-3966 ) or visiting one of our many stores . You may need to visit a separate site to find locations for the Brands . We may periodically conduct surveys of visitors to our Site for internal research purposes that may include marketing . This helps us better understand what our customers would like to see from us . If you respond to such surveys , we may ask you for some Personal Information and/or may contact you for more information , but only if you have given us permission to do so . We may also receive information about you from other sources . We ( including through our third party service providers ) may inactively collect from you information that is not in the same category as Personal Information . For example , we might track information about the date and time you access the Site , the type of web browser you used , and the web site from which you connect to our Site . We collect and use this and other non-Personal Information ( such as demographic data ) to analyze and develop our business strategy and to determine how you found out about us , your interests regarding our products and services and how to further improve our Site . We , or a third party , may also collect information from your activities on the Site as well as other sites for the purpose of providing advertisements and other content that is customized to your interests and preferences . This means that our ads may appear on participating web sites based upon your browsing activity . To accomplish all this , and also to allow us to offer our customers streamlined ordering and other useful features , we , as do many web sites , use and allow our third party advertising companies to use the technologies listed below and other similar technologies ( the Tracking Technologies ) :  Cookies and Clear GIFs - Cookies are pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive . Cookies make web surfing easier for you by saving your customer identification information ( i.e. , username , password , shopping cart information , etc. )  while you 're at a site . Cookies also track where you travel on a site and what you look at and purchase . A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel , transparent image ( although it can be a visible image as well ) , located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message , which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual 's viewing or receipt of a web page or message . You can learn more about how third party advertising companies use cookies and clear GIFs , including how to opt-out , by clicking here . Please read the explanation carefully should you choose to opt-out using this method . IP Address Tracking and Clickstream Data - In addition to cookies and clear GIFs , our servers automatically collect data about your server 's Internet address when you visit our Site . This information , known as an Internet Protocol address , or IP Address , is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you are on the Internet . When you view pages from our Site , our servers may record or log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name . Our server also may record the page that linked you to us and related information including any ads you may have clicked on . Such information is known as Clickstream Data . Email Interconnectivity - If you receive email from us , we may use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message , click on any links or banners it contains and make purchases . In some cases , we may link the non-Personal information collected through the Tracking Technologies with certain of your Personal Information . WE WANT TO BE SURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND THAT ACCEPTING TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES ONTO YOUR COMPUTER IN NO WAY GIVES US ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER OR ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU . YOU MAY SET YOUR WEB BROWSER SOFTWARE TO REJECT TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES , BUT , IF YOU DO SO , CERTAIN FUNCTIONALITY OF THE SITE MAY BE AFFECTED . Third parties ( including , but not limited to , software vendors , advertisers and fulfillment companies ) may also use Tracking Technologies by or through the Site . WE HAVE NO CONTROL OVER WHAT INFORMATION SUCH THIRD PARTIES TRACK OR COLLECT , AND HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY TRACKING , DATA COLLECTION OR OTHER ACTIVITIES OF SUCH THIRD PARTIES You may be visiting the Site from your mobile device . Certain mobile service providers uniquely identify mobile devices and we or our third-party service providers may receive such information if you access the Site through mobile devices . Some features of the Site may allow for the collection of mobile phone numbers and we may associate that phone number to mobile device identification information . Furthermore , some mobile phone service providers operate systems that pinpoint the physical location of devices that use their service . Depending on the provider , we or our third-party service providers may receive this information . If an e-mail address you have provided us is a wireless e-mail address , you agree to receive messages at such address from us ( unless and until you have elected not to receive such messages by following the How to Opt-Out instructions below ) . You understand that your wireless carrier 's standard rates apply to these messages , and that you may change your mind at any time by following the instructions below . You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received , and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges . WE COMPLY WITH U.S. FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS WITH REGARD TO THOSE PAGES OF OUR SITE USED TO FURNISH INVESTOR RELATIONS MATERIALS SUCH AS ELECTRONIC PROXY MATERIALS AND ANNUAL REPORTS ( THE INVESTOR RELATIONS PAGES ) . WE DO NOT PLACE COOKIES OR CLEAR GIFS ON THE HARD DRIVES OF USERS VISITING THE INVESTOR RELATIONS PAGES . Among our top priorities is keeping your Personal Information secure . We use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology to encrypt all of your Personal Information before it is transmitted to us so that it can be safeguarded as much as possible from being read or recorded as it travels over the Internet . You can tell you are sending information securely by the unbroken key icon or closed lock icon that appears at the bottom of your Internet browser 's window . These icons will appear when you are placing an order on our Site . In addition , you will see our Site address change slightly , from http : to https : indicating a secure server connection is being used . The computers that store your Personal Information are located in a separate facility which employs firewall and security technology . We employ these procedures to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access , destruction , use , modification or disclosure . You may be able to create an account on our Site with a username and password , including if you set up a wish list , customer account , a registry , or use the Bridal Toolkit . We recommend you exercise extreme care in protecting your password information and do not publicly share any of your passwords . You are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password , and you are responsible for any access to or use of the Site by you or another person or entity using your password , whether or not such access or use has been authorized by or on behalf of you . Your Personal Information will be stored and processed on our computers in the United States . The laws on holding Personal Information in the United States may vary and be less stringent than laws of your state or country . We will use commercially reasonable efforts to hold and transmit your Personal Information in a safe , confidential and secure environment . If you object to your Personal Information being transferred or used in this manner please do not register with or use the Site . ALTHOUGH WE WILL TAKE ( AND REQUIRE OUR THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS TO TAKE ) REASONABLE SECURITY PRECAUTIONS TO PROTECT THE PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM AND STORED ON THE SITE , BECAUSE OF THE OPEN NATURE OF THE INTERNET , WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED ON OUR SERVERS , TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM A USER , OR OTHERWISE IN OUR CARE WILL BE ABSOLUTELY SAFE FROM INTRUSION BY OTHERS , SUCH AS HACKERS . ACCORDINGLY , WE DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY THEFT OR LOSS OF , UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR DAMAGE TO , OR INTERCEPTION OF ANY DATA OR COMMUNICATIONS . BY USING THE SITE , YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO ASSUME THESE RISKS . We collect Personal Information for the purposes of fulfilling orders , processing returns and exchanges and providing you with the services you have chosen , providing a high level of customer service , providing you with information we believe may be of interest including mailing our circulars and special offers , for editorial and feedback purposes , for internal marketing and promotional purposes , for a statistical analysis of your behavior , for product development , for content improvement , for protection against fraud and error , and to customize the content and layout of the Site ( collectively , Information Usage Purposes ) . Notwithstanding the foregoing , we will not knowingly use a mobile phone number for marketing purposes without first obtaining your consent . In performing the Information Usage Purposes , we may combine information we collect on the Site with information we receive from other sources . We do not sell Personal Information and we do not disclose Personal Information to any other party , except as set forth in this Privacy Policy . Unless otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy , any non-Personal Information you transmit to the Site or we collect from the Site will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and you agree that we may use any such non-Personal Information ( together with any ideas , concepts , know-how , or techniques contained therein ) in any manner , for any purpose , without credit or compensation to you . Without limiting the generality or application of the foregoing , the information that you publish on or through the Bridal & Gift Registry and/or the Bridal Toolkit is governed by specific terms available below under the heading Bridal & Gift Registry Information . We may provide your Personal Information to our associates and to companies acting as our authorized agents or partners in providing our service or co-branded services to you and in performing Information Usage Purposes . We screen and reasonably determine to be reputable any third party to whom we disclose such information and we require such third parties to agree to use the Personal Information only for such specified purposes . Each of our partners must agree to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of your Personal Information in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access , destruction , use , modification or disclosure . If we merge , or sell or otherwise transfer our assets , Site or operations , we may disclose or transfer your Personal Information in connection with such transaction . Bridal & Gift Registry information is treated differently from information submitted for other purposes on our Site . Registry users may receive additional e-mail communications from us , such as a registry welcome e-mail and follow-up contact after the scheduled event date . In addition , cookies are used as part of our registry service to save your registry number on your computer . By registering with us and opting to make your registry available online , your registry information , which includes your name , date of event and event location ( your state ) , will be made available to our partners that help provide our services and our co-branded services ( including for Information Usage Purposes ) and will be accessible by search engines and spiders that are not affiliated with us . Finally , and to illustrate the type of business partner with whom your registry information may be shared , if you have not taken advantage of the applicable opt-out procedure , your registry information ( your name , date of event and event location ) may be made available to third party bridal and gift registry portal sites . We may also share the e-mail address associated with your registry , but solely to enable us and such a third-party registry portal site to link your purchases or other activity with the registry you have established with us . The use of such portal sites is intended to provide your guests with additional means of finding your registry , and to provide you with additional ways to create a registry with us . Any third-party registry portal site with whom an e-mail address is shared as a registry identifier is contractually prohibited from using it for any other purpose not outlined above . In the future , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing your information with such sites , please send an e-mail to customer.service @ bedbath.com clearly indicating such request . If you choose to use our online Bridal Toolkit and publish a Personal Wedding Site , this information will be treated as public information , available to anyone with access to the Internet . Please review the Site 's Terms and Conditions for more information on the use of the Bridal & Gift Registry and the Bridal Toolkit . Occasionally , we may run a promotion such as a sweepstakes or a contest ( a Promotion ) , and you will be given the opportunity to enter by filling out an entry form , or in some cases , you may be automatically entered by using a designated type of credit card when placing an order in store , online or via phone or , for example , by creating a Bridal Registry . Your entry information may be shared with third parties for the limited purposes of administering the sweepstakes and selecting a winner ( s ) and may be used to notify you in connection with the sweepstakes or contest and to verify your identity . When you enter such a Promotion , you will have the opportunity to consent to receive future communications from us . Since we value your privacy , you will always have the opportunity to stop such communications as detailed below . In addition , some Promotions may have one or more co-sponsors , and you may also be asked upon entry to consent to receive future communications from such co-sponsors . In the event your consent is indicated , the information from your entry will be shared with the co-sponsors . In those situations , the third parties will have the right to use your information for their own purposes , in accordance with their own policies , and we are not responsible for how co-sponsors may use your information . In all events , we will make it clear to you in the entry , order or registration form , before you submit it , whether you are consenting to receive information from any party , and you will be given the opportunity to confirm or withdraw such consent prior to submitting your entry , order or registration . In any case , where you elect to have us share your information with third parties , such as in the Promotions discussed above , those elections to have your information shared will supersede anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy . We will only send e-mail for customer service purposes and to those customers who have indicated that they wish to receive other types of e-mail from us and our subsidiaries . If at any time you wish to stop receiving e-mail from us , you can always remove your name from our mailing list by sending an e-mail to customer.service @ bedbath.com stating that you wish to unsubscribe and indicating in the subject line of the e-mail " NO E-MAIL " . Although we will promptly remove your name from our e-mail list upon receiving your request , it is possible that you may still receive e-mails from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed from our list . If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us , you can always remove yourself from our mailing list by sending an e-mail to customer.service @ bedbath.com , indicating " NO SNAIL MAIL " in the subject line along with your name , address and zip code . Please note that our mailings are prepared in advance of their being sent . Although we will promptly remove your name from our mailing list upon receiving your request , you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed from our list . You can also contact us by mail :  Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. , Attn : Customer Service Privacy 650 Liberty Avenue , Union , New Jersey 07083 THE OPT-OUT RIGHTS AND PROCEDURES DESCRIBED IN THIS SECTION ARE THE DEFAULT RULES AND PROCEDURES WE USE IN OPERATING THE SITE AND ARE THE STANDARD BY WHICH WE ADHERE TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY . We may release Personal Information when we believe , in good faith , that such release is necessary to comply with law , protect the rights , properties or safety of Bed Bath & Beyond , our users or others , or enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements . You may review and make changes to the Personal Information that is stored in your user account on the Site by visiting the My Account area of the Site . The Site is not purposefully directed at children under the age of 13 and all products available for sale on the Site are intended to be purchased by adults . We do not collect or maintain Personal Information , via the Site or otherwise , from those we actually know are children under 13 years of age . If you notify us that information has been provided by a child under the age of 13 , upon verification , we will promptly delete such information . We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Site . The Site also may contain links to other web sites that are not under our control . These links may include the use of so-called " share links. "  A " share link " is a button and/or text link appearing on our Site that enables the launch of a sharing mechanism whereby you can post links to , and content from , the Site onto social networking web sites such as Facebook . The privacy policies of other web site operators or advertisers may significantly differ from our Privacy Policy . We urge you to read the privacy statements of each and every web site you visit and to contact the third-party Web site operators or advertisers directly if you have any questions or concerns about their data collection or privacy policies . WE HAVE NO CONTROL OR INFLUENCE OVER THE PRIVACY PRACTICES OF SUCH OTHER WEB SITES AND ADVERTISERS AND WE DO NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY WEB SITE OPERATORS ' OR ADVERTISERS ' DATA COLLECTION PRACTICES , THEIR FAILURE TO ABIDE BY THEIR PRIVACY POLICIES OR THE CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY WEB SITES . 
Security & Privacy Thank you for visiting Sephora.com . Sephora USA , Inc . ( Sephora ) is committed to protecting your privacy . Topics covered in this policy :  > What Our Privacy Policy Covers > What Personal Information Is Collected > When Personal Information Is Collected > How Sephora Protects Your Information > How Sephora Uses Your Personal Information > How to Avoid Receiving Newslettters and Other Sephora Materials > Who Views Your Personal Information > Cookies , Pixel Tags and Tracking > Making a Purchase > Children Under 13 > Social Commerce and Other Third Parties > Questions About This Policy This Privacy Policy covers any personal information that Sephora obtains from you when you use services or features of Sephora when visiting the websites we own and control , such as www.sephora.com , http : //theglossy.sephora.com , and www.ttbeauty.com ( the " Sites " ) , and when applying for or using your membership in the Beauty Insider Program ( BI Membership ) in our retail store locations ( the Stores ) . We may add additional Sites from time to time as we expand our beauty offerings and this policy will govern those new Sites when added . You may be accessing our Sites from a computer or mobile phone device ( through an iPhone or iPad application , for example ) and this policy governs your use of our Sites regardless of the means of access . We also like to interact with you on third party sites where we post content or invite your feedback , such as www.facebook.com/sephora , www.twitter.com/sephora , and www.youtube.com/sephora ( " Third Party Sites " ) . Except as otherwise described below , this policy does not cover the privacy practices of those Third Party Sites , or of companies that Sephora does not own or control , or the actions of people that Sephora does not employ or manage . You should check the privacy policies of those third parties when providing personally identifiable information through Third Party Sites . Our terms of use for the Sites give you more information about how we can interact with you via Third Party Sites . Our Privacy Policy may change in the future . We invite you to check back periodically to see if we have made any changes . If we make any material changes , we will post a notice on our home page and will obtain your consent if the material changes affect the way we use the personally identifiable information we have already collected from you . By using the Sites or applying for BI Membership , you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy . If you do not like the terms of our Privacy Policy , you should not use our Sites or apply for BI Membership . For more information about the terms of use for this site , please visit our Terms of Use page . Depending on how you use Sephora , we may ask you to share personal information with us . Whether you choose to give Sephora information is completely up to you , but keep in mind that if you withhold information , you may not be able to use some of our services . Sephora will ask you for information , including some personal information , if you use one of several services : Becoming a Registered User of Sephora.com . In order to become a registered user of Sephora.com , you need to share some personal information , such as your name and e-mail address . You do not have to be a registered user to visit the Sites . But , you will have to register if you want to place orders or make full use of our services . Once you register , you will have an account with Sephora and a password to access that account . You may never use another person 's account without permission and you may not use anyone else 's password . You should keep your registration current and complete . You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password . Please also let us know if there is any unauthorized use of your account or password . We recommend that you always log out from your account at the end of a session with us to prevent other people from accessing your account without your permission . Making a Purchase on Sephora.com . When you buy something on Sephora.com , you have to supply a billing address , phone number , shipping address , and credit card information . By making a purchase , you become a registered user of Sephora.com . You can choose to store information needed to make a purchase , such as your credit card number , shipping and billing addresses in the My Account page . If you change your mind about storing this information , you can amend or delete it by going to the relevant area of the My Account page and following the instructions . You can access this section using your registration password . Applying for BI Membership . You can apply for BI Membership at Sephora.com or in person at a Store , including any Sephora Inside JCPenney ( SiJCP ) location operated by J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc . ( JCPenney ) . You do not need a BI Membership to visit the Sites or to make a purchase at Sephora.com or a Store or a SiJCP location . To apply for BI Membership , we ask you to share some personal information , such as your name , birthday , phone number , mailing address and e-mail address . Once you have BI Membership , you will have an account with Sephora tied to the e-mail address provided upon application . You can amend your information by ( i ) calling our Customer Service , ( ii ) visiting a Store or a SiJCP location and speaking with a cast member , or ( iii ) signing in to Sephora.com using the e-mail address you provided upon application , going to the My Account page and following the instructions . You may never use another person 's account without permission and you may not use anyone else 's password . You should keep your BI Membership current and complete . You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password . Please also let us know if there is any unauthorized use of your account or password . We recommend that you always log out from your account at the end of a session with us to prevent other people from accessing your account without your permission . Sweepstakes , Contests and Surveys at Sephora.com . If at Sephora.com you enter a sweepstakes or contest , or answer a survey , you will become a registered user ( if you are n't one already ) . We may also ask you for some demographic information , such as your age . If you choose not to answer , you probably will not be able to participate in the sweepstakes , contest or survey . Our Interactive Services . We have a number of ways to hear your opinions and feedback . We like to answer your questions . We offer several interactive services , including BeautyTalk , Ratings & Reviews and Question & Answer services . We may offer other interactive services in the future and this Privacy Policy will govern your use of those services . If you want to use any of these interactive services , you will become a registered user ( if you are n't already one ) and any personal information you submit will become part of your profile , as maintained by Sephora . Please review our terms of use for the Sites because they explain the way you can participate in our interactive services in more detail . Our Ratings & Reviews or Question & Answer services . When you use the Ratings & Reviews or the Question & Answer services you will become a registered user ( if you are n't already one ) and any personal information you submit will become part of your profile , as maintained by Sephora . Gift Advisor and Beauty Advisor . If you are not already registered and you send an e-mail to our Gift or Beauty Advisor , we will create a registration profile for you . This will make you a registered user . We may also collect information about e-mails that you send to our advisors . We use this information for product and site analysis only . Product Availability Notifications . If a product that you want to purchase at Sephora.com is not in stock , you can choose to provide us your e-mail address so that we can notify you when the product becomes available again . You do not need to be a registered user to receive a product availability notification . Public Information . Please note that if you choose to share information about yourself in an open format , such as through a Third Party Site like Facebook or Twitter or in the user-generated content elements of our own Sites , we consider that information to be public information - and not personal information . We realize that our customers trust us to protect their personal information . We take that task seriously . We maintain physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information . For example :  We use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer ( " SSL " ) authentication to guarantee the confidentiality of online transactions made on our site . SSL authentication and encryption of the information that you send to us over the Internet help protect your online transaction information from third party interception . We never display your full credit card number once it has been entered . We will only reveal the last four digits of your credit card for verification purposes . We urge you to protect your own privacy . We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone or share your password in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail . Unfortunately , despite all of our efforts , there is always a risk that third parties may unlawfully intercept transmissions . For example , we can not ensure the security of your data during transmission to us or the security of your data on an iPhone ( or other telephone device that can use iPhone applications ) or on your Twitter page or on another computer . This reality is true of all Internet or data transmission use . As a result , we can not ensure the security of any information you transmit , and you transmit all information at your own risk . Sephora collects personal information primarily to make our services more rewarding for you to use . We usually use this information for internal purposes , such as studying our customers ' preferences . We may also use your information to track your purchase history and to contact you for account and promotional purposes . In the event that another company buys the assets or stock of Sephora , your personal information may then belong to another entity . We use e-mail addresses and mailing addresses to send out newsletters and other announcements with information about Sephora 's new products , gifts and special features . In addition , if you use your BI Membership at a SiJCP location and your client profile indicates that you have not unsubscribed from receiving advertising , marketing materials and other communications from Sephora , JCPenney may help Sephora send those communications . After you become a registered user of Sephora.com or have a BI Membership , you can choose not to receive these announcements by opting-out of delivery . If you receive an e-mail and want to avoid further messages , look at the end of the e-mail for instructions on how to remove yourself from the mailing list . You can also edit your e-mail preferences at Sephora.com 's My Account page . Sephora may share your personal information with companies that perform services for us , such as fulfilling orders , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mails , analyzing customer data , providing marketing assistance , processing credit card payments , investigating fraudulent activity , conducting customer surveys , and providing customer service . They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not disclose your personally identifiable information for other purposes . Some personal information is stored on servers owned by other companies . Except as otherwise described below , only Sephora has the right to access this information . We currently share aggregate information about our customers with advertisers and marketing partners . This information does not identify individual users . Any personal information that you include in your profile or in any content submitted when using our interactive services like BeautyTalk , Ratings & Reviews or the Question & Answer services or through Third Party Sites will be displayed on our Sites , so please consider this before submitting any such content . Please do n't submit any information that you do n't want the whole world to know ! Personal information may be disclosed if required by law . Sephora does not currently sell or license personal information . Before selling or licensing your personal information , we will post a notice in this Privacy Policy and on our home page . If you apply for BI Membership at a SiJCP location or use your BI Membership at a SiJCP location , the personal information collected from you will be used and disclosed by Sephora as indicated above , but Sephora will also need to share that personal information with JCPenney so you can enjoy the benefits of your BI Membership at any SiJCP location . JCPenney has agreed that any information obtained about you by JCPenney through your application for BI Membership or your use of your BI Membership at a SiJCP location ( SiJCP Information ) will be used only to administer the Beauty Insider Program , for internal analysis to make your shopping experience at the SiJCP locations better and to help Sephora communicate with you by e-mail or direct mail ( unless you have unsubscribed from e-mail or direct mail from Sephora ) . JCPenney may also share SiJCP Information with its service providers solely to perform the above functions related to the Beauty Insider Program at SiJCP , subject to an agreement from such service providers to keep the SiJCP Information confidential . JCPenney has also agreed that it will not otherwise use , rent , sell or share SiJCP Information . If you do not wish to have SiJCP Information made available to JCPenney , you should apply for BI Membership at Sephora.com or at any Store , but not at a SiJCP location and you should not use your BI Membership at a SiJCP location . Except for personal information shared with JCPenney as set forth above , at this time , Sephora does not share any personal information with its other affiliates . It is possible that this policy will change in the future . If we do decide to share information with our other affiliates , we will post a notice in this Privacy Policy and on our home page . If you choose to use Sephora 's Beauty Insider Pass in the Passbook application on your Apple mobile device , your email address and Beauty Insider status , point balance and any Beauty Insider rewards earned will be displayed on the Sephora Beauty Insider Pass on your Apple mobile device , so please consider this before downloading the Sephora Beauty Insider Pass . We recommend that you use the Passcode Lock security setting on your Apple mobile device and always safeguard your device to prevent other people from accessing your Beauty Insider account or redeeming your rewards without your permission if you download the Sephora Beauty Insider Pass onto your Apple mobile device . In addition , you will receive notifications that may be based on your personal information , including your accumulated Beauty Insider points , rewards status , birthday and/or your device 's location , and you must opt out of these notifications or location-based services on the back of the Sephora Beauty Insider Pass if you do not wish to receive these notifications or allow the Pass to use your location to send you location-based notifications . Sephora wants to give you the best possible experience when you visit Sephora.com and our other Sites . We like to constantly update and improve the features on our Sites , we like to personalize your browsing and shopping experience and we like to recognize you when you return to Sephora.com . We have a variety of ways of doing this . We collect information about how you use our Sites by setting and accessing cookies on your computer . A cookie is a small data file that identifies the web browser on a particular computer . No personal information is stored in the cookie itself . When you visit one of our Sites , a cookie will be sent to your browser and then stored on your computer 's hard drive . We use these cookies to track information about how often you visit our web site , what pages you view , and where you go after you leave the site . We also link the visitor ID from your cookie to a user ID in our database to help us analyze web traffic and statistics . Other companies help us with data research and analysis , but they are prohibited from using that data for any other purpose . Cookies also help us improve your shopping experience by , among other things , keeping track of your preferences , recognizing you if you are a registered user , and tracking your order as you shop on Sephora.com . If any of your personal information needs to be accessed during that process , you will have to log in or otherwise authenticate yourself . If you do n't like cookies , you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie , giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it . For instructions , look at your browser 's Help menu . Note that certain features of Sephora.com may not be available if you delete or reject cookies . We use pixel tags ( also called web beacons or " clear " gifs ) on our Sites . They help us analyze what our clients like to do on our Sites and the effectiveness of our features and advertising . They can also help us customize your browsing and shopping experience . We may use information collected through pixel tags or tracked links in combination with your personally identifiable information . We may also combine personally identifiable information you provide to Sephora with other personal information ( such as purchase history and demographic information ) . We often work with other companies to help us track , collect and analyze this information but they are prohibited from using this information for any other purpose . Sephora also works with advertising partners ( like Google and DoubleClick ) that use cookies , pixel tags and other tracking technologies to serve advertisements on behalf of their retail clients , including Sephora , across the Internet , including to you after you have visited our Sites . These advertising partners engage in remarketing , online behavioral advertising and ad delivery and reporting . With respect to Sephora , these advertising partners may collect anonymous information about your browser as it makes visits to websites across the Internet ( including our Sites ) and your interaction with our advertising and e-mail communications . This anonymous information may also be used to tailor advertising for you and others elsewhere on the Internet . Sephora will have access to the information collected by these advertising partners and can then use it in combination with personally identifiable information provided by you to Sephora to enhance your experience on our Sites . We will not share that personally identifiable information with these advertising partners . If you would like more information about this practice or would like to know your choices about not having your information used by these companies , please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . When you buy something on Sephora.com , you have to supply a billing address , phone number , shipping address , and credit card information . By making a purchase , you become a registered user of Sephora.com . You can choose to store information needed to make a purchase , such as your credit card number , shipping and billing addresses in the My Account page . If you change your mind about storing this information , you can amend or delete it by going to the relevant area of the My Account page and following the instructions . You can access this section using your registration password . We comply with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 . If you are under the age of 13 , you can look at our Sites , but you can not make a purchase . You also can not become a registered user , apply for BI Membership , or use any service on our Sites that asks for personal information . Our Sites are not designed for children . We do not wish to collect personal information from children under 13 . This policy is designed to protect children . Federal law requires us to take special steps to safeguard children 's privacy . For more information about this federal law and about children 's privacy , click here . If you register with us or apply for BI Membership , and we discover that you are under 13 , we will delete such registration or BI Membership . We will send you a message if we do this . If you are under 13 and want to make a purchase , please ask a parent to place the order for you . We work with trusted third parties , including social network sites like Facebook , and with application developers who specialize in social commerce so we can connect to your social networks . Other social networks we use include Twitter , MySpace , Delicious and Digg . All of these companies operate Third Party Sites . We provide access to our Sites by third parties and business partners so we can generate interest in our products among members of your social networks and to allow you to share product interests with friends in your network . The use of any features made available to you on our Sites by a third party may result in information being collected or shared about you by us or by the third party . Information collected or shared through any such third party features is considered " public information " by us because the Third Party Sites made it publicly available . If you do not want us to be able to access information about you from Third Party Sites , you must instruct Third Party Sites not to share the information . We can not control how your data is collected , stored , used or shared by Third Party Sites or to whom it is disclosed . Please be sure to review the privacy policies and privacy settings on your social networking sites to make sure you understand the information they are sharing . If you do not want a Third Party Site to share information about you , you must contact that site and determine whether it gives you the opportunity to opt out of sharing such information . Sephora is not responsible for how these third parties may use information collected from or about you . However , we do identify any areas on our Sites where third parties share information about you . Facebook 's " Like " feature is a good example . ( Other third parties have or may have similar ways for you to express positive opinions about our products - now or in the future. )  We have agreed to allow Facebook 's " Like " feature to run alongside images of our products so you can " like " one of our products and to see how many other Facebook users " like " each of our products . You should know that Facebook may collect or register the fact that you " like " a product and may post that information to your " News Feed " on Facebook and to your Facebook profile 's " Wall " and " Info " pages . So , the fact that you " like " one or more of our products may be made known to members of your Facebook network . This would be true for your friends too . If they " like " one of our products , you will see it on his or her News Feed , Wall or Info pages . Finally , by " liking " one of our products , you consent to the display of that information by us . If you do not wish this to happen , you should not click that you " like " a product and you should review your privacy settings on Facebook ( or similar Third Party Site ) . Note that we are not obligated to display someone 's name , profile photo or other " public " Facebook profile information on our website even if that Facebook user " likes " one of our products . We reserve the right to remove the information of any person which we deem to be inconsistent with our ideals or otherwise inappropriate for public association with our company . We may remove from our Sites , in our sole discretion , any product offering or any photo or product description relating thereto . We may decide to operate a Friends Store through Facebook ( or comparable store on another Third Party Site ) in the future . If we operate a Friends Store , and you " connect " with Facebook ( using Facebook Connect or other connecting application ) to the Friends Store on the Sites , you will be able to browse to discover which products are " liked " by your Facebook friends and by the larger Facebook community . If you are a Facebook user and you say that you " like " a product on our Sites or that you " like " Sephora , Sephora may then request that Facebook make your name , Facebook photo and other public profile information under the terms of Facebook 's privacy policy available to the Friends Store . This information may then be displayed alongside the product in the Friends Store on our Sites to indicate that you " like " the product . The actual information that may be displayed in the Friends Store will vary depending on what information is made publicly available on Facebook.com . Sephora will collect and keep your Facebook profile identification only as long as is needed to operate the Friends Store . If you would like to opt out of advertisers ' cookies that track anonymous information , click here If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , or the content or practices of our website , you can contact Sephora directly at : www.sephora.com or Sephora USA , Inc . Privacy 525 Market Street , 11th Floor San Francisco , CA 94105 
Updated : March 2013 Legacy.com , Inc. provides various features tools that allow users to access obituaries , express condolences and share remembrances of friends and loved ones . Legacy.com , Inc. offers these features and tools at www.legacy.com and other websites and applications ( App ) powered by Legacy.com ( collectively , the Services ) . Please read the following privacy policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) carefully before using the Services . 1 . WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS 2 . GENERAL 3 . INFORMATION WE COLLECT 4 . HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION 5 . 5 . PRIVACY ALERT : YOUR POSTINGS GENERALLY ARE ACCESSIBLE TO THE PUBLIC 6 . CHILDREN 'S PRIVACY 7 . OWNERSHIP 8 . SECURITY MEASURES 9 . CORRECTING OR UPDATING INFORMATION 10 . OPT-OUT PROCEDURES 11 . ADVERTISING AND LINKS 12 . CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY 13 . ADDITIONAL INFORMATION YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS This Privacy Policy covers how Legacy.com , Inc. ( collectively , " Legacy.com " , " we " , " us " , or " our " ) treats user or personally identifiable information that the Services collect and receive . If , however , you are accessing this Privacy Policy from a website operated in conjunction with one of our affiliates ( " Affiliates " ) , the privacy policy of the Affiliate will govern unless such policy states otherwise . Subject to the above , this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Legacy.com , Inc. does not own , operate or control , or to people that it does not employ or manage . In general , you can browse the Services without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself to us . Legacy.com , Inc. does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals , except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals on interactive areas of the Services . " Personally Identifiable Information " is information that can be used to uniquely identify , contact , or locate a single person , such as name , postal address , email address , phone number , and credit card number , among other information , and that is not otherwise publicly available . Any posting made while using the Services , and any other information that can be viewed by the public and therefore is not considered " personal information " or " Personally Identifiable Information " , and is not the type of information covered by this Privacy Policy . Personally Identifiable Information . Examples of Personally Identifiable Information we may collect include name , postal address , email address , credit card number and related information , and phone number . We may also collect your date of birth , geo-location , social networking profile picture and the date of birth and date of death for the deceased person in connection with certain features of the Services . We also maintain a record of all information that you submit to us , including email and other correspondence . We may collect Personally Identifiable Information when you register to receive alerts or offerings , sponsor , access or submit information in connection with certain Services , post other content through the Services , purchase products or other services , opt-in to receive special offers and discounts from us and our selected partners or participate in other activities offered or administered by Legacy.com . We may also collect Personally Identifiable Information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners . This information might include information necessary to process payments due to us from you , such as your credit card number . We do not intentionally collect Personally Identifiable Information about children under the age of 13 . Please see the section on " Children 's Privacy " below . Other Anonymous Information . Like most websites , Legacy.com also receives and records information on our server logs from your browser automatically and through the use of electronic tools such as cookies . Our server logs automatically receive and record information from your browser ( including , for example , your IP address , and the page ( s ) you visit ) . The information gathered through these methods is not " personally identifiable ; " i.e. , it can not be used to uniquely identify , contact , or locate a single person . We will use your information only as permitted by law , and subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy ; Use of Personally Identifiable Information : We do not sell or share your Personally Identifiable Information with unrelated third parties for their direct marketing purposes . Personally Identifiable Information and other personal information you specifically provide may be used : to provide the Services we offer , to process transactions and billing , for identification and authentication purposes , to communicate with you concerning transactions , security , privacy , and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services , to improve Services , to do something you have asked us to do , or to tell you of Services that we think may be of interest to you . to communicate with you regarding the Services . for the administration of and troubleshooting regarding the Services . Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of the Services ( our web hosting service , for example ) , may need to access such information from time to time , but are not permitted to disclose such information to others . We may disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you under the following circumstances : In the course of operating our business , it may be necessary or appropriate for us to provide access to your Personally Identifiable Information to others such as our service providers , contractors , select vendors and Affiliates so that we can operate the Services and our business . Where practical , we will seek to obtain confidentiality agreements consistent with this Privacy Policy and that limit others ' use or disclosure of the information you have shared . We may share your Personally Identifiable Information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to : ( 1 ) comply with the law or with legal process ( such as pursuant to court order , subpoena , or a request by law enforcement officials ) ; ( 2 ) protect , enforce , and defend our Terms of Use , rights and property ; ( 3 ) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of this the Services ; or ( 4 ) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public ( among other things , this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else , information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions. )  Use of Anonymous Information : Certain information that we collect automatically or with electronic tools or tags ( such as cookies ) is used to anonymously track and measure user traffic for the Services and to enhance your experience with the Services and our business partners . For example : IP Addresses/Session Information . We occasionally may obtain IP addresses from users depending upon how you access the Services . IP addresses , browser , and session information may be used for various purposes , including to help administer the Services and diagnose and prevent service or other technology problems related to the Services . This information also may be used to estimate the total number of users downloading any App and browsing other Services from specific geographical areas , to help determine which users have access privileges to certain content or services that we offer , and to monitor and prevent fraud and abuse . IP addresses are not linked to Personally Identifiable Information Cookies . A cookie is a small amount of data that often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive or comparable storage media on your mobile device . You can configure your browser to accept cookies , reject them , or notify you when a cookie is set . If you reject cookies , you may not be able to use the Services that require you to sign in , or to take full advantage of all our offerings . Cookies may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party we authorize to collect information on our behalf . We use our own cookies to transmit information for a number of purposes , including to : require you to re-enter your password after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accessing your account contents ; keep track of preferences you specify while you are using the Services ; estimate and report our total audience size and traffic ; conduct research to improve the content and Services . We let other entities that show advertisements on some of our web pages or assist us with conducting research to improve the content and Services set and access their cookies on your computer or mobile device . Other entities ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy . Advertisers or other entities do not have access to our cookies . Page Visit Data . We may record information about certain pages that you visit on our site ( e.g. specific obituaries ) in order to recall that data when you visit one of our partners ' sites . For example , we may record the name and address of the funeral home associated with an obituary to facilitate a flower order . We may share anonymous information aggregated to measure the number of App downloads , number of visits , average time spent on the Services websites , pages viewed , etc. with our partners , advertisers and others . Your own use of the Services may disclose personal information or Personally Identifiable Information to the public . For example : Submissions and other postings to our Services are available for viewing by all our visitors unless the sponsor or host of a Service selects a privacy setting that restricts public access . Please remember that any information disclosed on a non-restricted Service becomes public information and may be collected and used by others without our knowledge . You therefore should exercise caution when disclosing any personal information or Personally Identifiable Information in these forums . When you post a message to the Services via message board , blog , or other public forum available through the Services , your user ID or alias that you are posting under may be visible to other users , and you have the ability to post a message that may include personal information . If you post Personally Identifiable Information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return . Such activities are beyond the control of Legacy.com , Inc. and the coverage of this Privacy Policy . Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online . In addition , although we employ technology and software designed to minimize spam sent to users and unsolicited , automatic posts to message boards , blogs , or other public forums available through the Services ( like the CAPTCHA word verification you see on email and registration forms ) , we can not ensure such measures to be 100 % reliable or satisfactory . Legacy.com , Inc. does not intentionally collect from or maintain Personally Identifiable Information of children under the age of 13 , nor do we offer any content targeted to such children . In the event that Legacy.com , Inc. becomes aware that a user of the Services is under the age of 13 , the following additional privacy terms and notices apply : Prior to collecting any Personally Identifiable Information about a child that Legacy.com , Inc. has become aware is under the age of 13 , Legacy.com , Inc. will make reasonable efforts to contact the child 's parent , to inform the parent about the types of information Legacy.com , Inc. will collect , how it will be used , and under what circumstances it will be disclosed , and to obtain consent from the child 's parent to collection and use of such information . Although Legacy.com , Inc. will apply these children 's privacy terms whenever it becomes aware that a user who submits Personally Identifiable Information is less than 13 years old , no method is foolproof . Legacy.com , Inc. strongly encourages parents and guardians to supervise their children 's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers to help provide a child-friendly online environment . These tools also can prevent children from disclosing online their name , address , and other personal information without parental permission . Personally Identifiable Information collected from children may include any of the information defined above as Personally Identifiable Information with respect to general users of the Services and may be used by Legacy.com , Inc. for the same purposes . Except as necessary to process a child 's requests or orders placed with advertisers or merchants featured through the Services , Legacy.com , Inc. does not rent , sell , barter or give away any lists containing a child 's Personally Identifiable Information for use by any outside company . A child 's parent or legal guardian may request Legacy.com , Inc. to provide a description of the Personally Identifiable Information that Legacy.com , Inc. has collected from the child , as well as instruct Legacy.com , Inc. to cease further use , maintenance and collection of Personally Identifiable Information from the child . If a child voluntarily discloses his or her name , email address or other personally-identifying information on chat areas , bulletin boards or other forums or public posting areas , such disclosures may result in unsolicited messages from other parties . Legacy.com , Inc. and/or the Affiliate Newspaper ( s ) are the sole owner ( s ) of all non-personally identifiable information they collect through the Services . This paragraph shall not apply to Material subject to the license granted by users to Legacy.com , Inc. pursuant to Section 3 of the Terms of Use governing the Services . The security and confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information is extremely important to us . We have implemented technical , administrative , and physical security measures to protect guest information from unauthorized access and improper use . From time to time , we review our security procedures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods . Please be aware though that , despite our best efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable , and no data transmissions over the web can be guaranteed 100 % secure . Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk . You may modify and correct Personally Identifiable Information provided directly to Legacy.com , Inc. in connection with the Services , if necessary . Legacy.com , Inc. offers users the following options for updating information :  Send an email to us at Contact Us ; or Send a letter to us via postal mail to the following address : Legacy.com , Inc. , 820 Davis Street Suite 210 , Evanston , IL 60201 Attention : Operations You may opt out of receiving future mailings or other information from Legacy.com , Inc . If the mailing does not have an email cancellation form , send an email to Contact Us detailing the type of information that you no longer wish to receive . This Service contains links to other sites that may be of interest to our visitors . This Privacy Policy applies only to Legacy.com and not to other companies ' or organizations ' Web sites to which we link . We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites . Legacy.com works with third parties , including , but not limited to Adtech US , Inc. and Turn Inc. ( collectively , the " Ad Delivery Parties : " ) , for the purpose of advertisement delivery on the Services including online behavioral advertising ( OBA ) and multi-site advertising . The non-personally identifiable information collected about a consumer 's visits to the Services , including , but not limited to , certain information from your Web browser and your IP address , may be used by third parties , including the Ad Delivery Parties , in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . These Ad Delivery Parties retain data collected and used for these activities only as long as necessary to fulfill a legitimate Legacy.com business need , or as required by law . The Ad Delivery Parties may also set cookies to assist with advertisement delivery services . For more information about Adtech US , Inc. cookies , please visit http : //www.adtechus.com/privacy/ . If you would like to obtain more information about the practices of some of these Ad Delivery Parties , or if you would like to make choices about their use of your information , please click here : http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ The Ad Delivery Parties adhere to the Network Advertising Initiative 's Self-Regulatory Code of conduct . For more information please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/about-nai Legacy.com shall obtain your prior express consent ( opt-in ) before using any of your sensitive consumer information as that term is defined in the NAI Principles . Please keep in mind that if you click on an advertisement on the Services and link to a third party 's website , then Legacy.com 's Privacy Policy will not apply to any Personally Identifiable Information collected on that third party 's website and you must read the privacy policy posted on that site to see how your Personally Identifiable Information will be handled . We may periodically edit or update this Privacy Policy . We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you provide information on this Web site . Your use of the Services after changes of the terms of the Privacy Policy have been posted will mean that you accept the changes . Questions regarding the Legacy.com Privacy Policy should be directed to Contact Us or Legacy.com , Inc. , 820 Davis Street Suite 210 , Evanston , IL 60201 Attention : Operations ( As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 ) Top A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal , family , or household purposes ( " California customer " ) is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . Legacy.com , Inc. does not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes . If , however , you are accessing this Privacy Policy from one of our Affiliate sites , the privacy policy of our Affiliate will apply to the collection of your information unless the Affiliate 's privacy policy specifically states otherwise . You should review the privacy policy of the Affiliate to understand what information may be collected from you and how it may be used . California customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing Contact Us . 
Privacy Statement Effective Date : January 2013 AutoTrader.com , Inc. respects the privacy of visitors to our website . This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected online through the AutoTrader.com website and does not describe the ways in which we may collect or use information obtained offline or through any means other than our website . Please read this Privacy Statement carefully so that you understand what information we collect through our website and what we do with that information . If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement , please contact us at privacy @ autotrader.com . The information we gather generally falls into two categories : ( 1 ) information supplied by visitors to the website when they list a car for sale , perform a search , enter a sweepstakes or other promotional contest , request an offer through our Trade-In Marketplace program , or inquire about a vehicle listed for sale or about another product or service offered through our website ; and ( 2 ) information we collect as visitors use our website . Third-party providers involved in the operation of the website ( including , but not limited to , vendors of products and services and providers of widgets , tools , and applications ) featured on or linked to by our website may also collect information about you . Their collection and use of this information will be subject to their privacy policies . Communicating with us If you find a listing that interests you and elect to send the seller an email through our website , we will share with the seller the contact information you supply through our online " Email this Seller " form . Some dealerships that list vehicles for sale on our website use third-party service providers to manage their " leads " ( that is , the inquiries they receive from consumers who are interested in the vehicles they 've listed for sale ) . If a dealership has designated a provider of lead management services , we may also share with that provider any information you elect to send to the dealership through our " Email this Seller " form . Vehicle manufacturers like to monitor how responsive their franchised dealers are to consumer inquiries . To help them monitor and improve dealer performance , we may also provide vehicle manufacturers with the information you send their franchised dealers using our " Email this Seller " tool . If you find a listing for a certified pre-owned vehicle that interests you and elect to send the seller an email through our website , we will also share the information you supply through our " Email this Seller " form with the manufacturer of the vehicle you are inquiring about ( which administers the certified pre-owned program ) to use for quality assurance , internal business analysis , process management , and other similar purposes . If you do not wish to share your email address or other contact information with sellers who advertise on our website , lead management service providers , and vehicle manufacturers , you should not use our " Email this Seller " contact form . If you choose to receive a vehicle listing on your mobile phone , we or a service provider acting on our behalf will use the phone number you provide to send the listing you request . By providing us with your mobile phone number , you agree that we may send this information to your mobile phone via text message or email . Many of the dealership listings that appear on our website include toll-free telephone numbers that can be used to contact the dealership that is selling the advertised vehicle . If you call a dealership using one of these toll-free numbers , we ( or a service provider acting on our behalf ) may provide the dealership with the date , time , and duration of your call , as well as the number from which your call originated and an audio recording of your call . If you use our website 's live chat feature to ask questions about a vehicle , the service provider that manages this feature on our behalf may send a copy of your chat transcript to us and to the dealership that posted the vehicle listing . Our service provider collects and uses chat transcripts in accordance with its own privacy policy , which may be accessible via the link shown during the chat session . If you do not want this information to be shared with us , do not use the chat service . You may sign up for or use certain products , services and tools on our website that require or permit you to provide information about yourself , such as your name , physical address , email address and phone number . For example , you may provide such information if you sign up for our newsletters , complete our " Feedback " form or use a social media or interactive tool . We may use such information in order to provide you with the products , services or tools you have requested . When you list a car for sale , we ask for information on the car and on how you can be contacted by potential buyers ( including information like your phone number and email address ) . We also ask for your credit card number and the expiration date on your card . We use this information to create your ad and to process your payment ( please see the section on " Use and Disclosure of Information " below for more information about how we use and secure credit card information ) . We may also use information you submit to us in connection with your purchase of that listing , including your name and location , on third-party sites and mobile applications where we distribute or promote your listing . In addition to the above , we may collect information , and/or use the information we collect , in the following specific ways :  Searches and Listings To make use of certain features on our website , visitors need to provide limited information about themselves and their interests so that we can tailor the information we provide to their needs . For example , to help you find the car you want close to home , we need to know what kind of car you are looking for and your zip code . We ask you to provide this information when you perform a search . We use this information to help you find the car you are looking for or as otherwise described in this Privacy Statement . Sweepstakes and Other Promotions From time to time , we may offer sweepstakes or other promotions on our website . If you enter a sweepstakes or promotional contest , we will ask you to provide information about yourself ( such as your name , phone number , address , date of birth , and email address ) . Among other things , we will use this information to contact you if you win , and we may also use this information for marketing purposes . We may share this information with any co-sponsor of the contest or sweepstakes ; we will identify the co-sponsor in the contest rules . We may also share this information with shipping or fulfillment companies or other third-party service providers that help administer our promotions , such as by conducting drawings , and/or delivering prizes to winners . If you do not want us to collect the information requested in the contest or sweepstakes registration form or to provide it to co-sponsors , please do not enter the contest or sweepstakes . Online Surveys From time to time , we survey our users to measure their satisfaction with our website and other sites and to help us learn more about our audience and how they interact with our website . Third-party research firms often conduct these surveys on our behalf . We use the survey results to help us improve the services we offer to you . Except in the circumstances described below in the " Other Disclosures " section of this policy , we will not share , without your consent , any personally-identifying information you submit in response to an AutoTrader.com survey with any company other than the research firm conducting the survey . We will , however , take the information you provide and aggregate it on an anonymous basis with data collected from other survey participants . We may use and disclose that pool of anonymous information as we see fit , without identifying you personally . You may also find on our website invitations to participate in surveys conducted by our advertisers , whose privacy practices we do not control . These invitations will usually link to an online survey form that is hosted either by the advertiser conducting the survey or by a third-party research firm working on the advertiser 's behalf . When you access an advertiser 's survey through our website , the use and disclosure of any information you submit will be governed by the advertiser 's privacy policy ( or by the privacy policy of the advertiser 's research firm ) , which may differ from ours . If you can not find the applicable privacy policy via a link either from the advertiser 's survey invitation or from the online survey form , you should contact the advertiser directly for more information . Credit App You may be able to apply for credit for a car loan or refinancing through our website using our Secure Credit Application or automobile financing portal . If you use our website to apply for credit , we ( and/or a service provider acting on our behalf ) will collect your personal information from you . This information may include , but is not limited to , your name , email address , date of birth , Social Security Number , address , phone number , credit history , credit score , mortgage/rental information , and employment information . If you use the Secure Credit Application , we ( and/or a service provider acting on our behalf ) may : ( 1 ) share your application information with the dealership ( s ) you selected so that the dealership ( s ) may make a decision about your application ; and/or ( 2 ) store any application information on behalf of our dealership partners . If you submit an application through our financing portal , we will transmit your application information to our third-party service provider so that our service provider may process your credit application request , and we may store your name , email address , and phone number on behalf of our dealership partners . Our service provider 's use and storage of your credit application information is governed by its own privacy policy , which may differ from ours . AutoTrader.com Trade-In Marketplace If you request an offer for your car through our Trade-In Marketplace program , we will ask you for your contact information , including your name , telephone number and email address . We may also ask for additional optional information , like your credit score . We will also ask you for a description of the vehicle that you want to sell or trade , including detailed information about the condition and history of the car . We will use the information you provide to prepare and send you an offer for your vehicle . If you access our Trade-In Marketplace program by clicking on a link displayed on a participating dealer website ( or in a listing on AutoTrader.com posted by a participating dealer ) , we will share your contact and vehicle information with that dealer so that the dealer can communicate with you about your interest in selling or trading in your car . If you indicate that you are considering the purchase of a replacement vehicle , we will share your information with participating dealers in your area so that they can contact you about vehicles that may match your interests . If you decide to redeem your Trade-In Marketplace offer , the participating dealer that you choose to conduct the required confirmation inspection of your car will also have access to your contact and vehicle information . When we use other companies to help us operate our Trade-In Marketplace program or improve the services we offer to you , we may provide them with information about you and/or your vehicle that is necessary for them to perform their services . We require that these companies commit to use the information only to perform the services that we request . Email Addresses We may use your email address to respond to requests you make for our products or services or to respond to your communications with us . We may also contact you to inquire about your experience on our website , to provide you with information about our products and services available from us or from our affiliates or to communicate to you information related to the automotive industry . From time to time , we may also send you emails that include special promotions and other commercial offers that we think may be of interest to you . We hope you will find these communications informative and useful . If you do not , you can unsubscribe from any of our commercial email programs by following the simple instructions included in an email you receive in connection with that program . If you request an offer through our Trade-In Marketplace program we will use and share your email address and other contact information with participating dealers as described in the paragraph immediately above . MyAutoTrader.com MyAutoTrader.com helps you organize your search for the right car by allowing you to do things like saving your favorite searches and cars . To access MyAutoTrader.com , we will ask you to register with us on the form provided , which may include personally identifiable information like your email address . You may also be asked to provide additional , optional personal information , such as your name , gender , and age . You agree to provide true , accurate , current , and complete information about yourself . We use this information to process your registration request , provide you with the services and communications that you request , customize features that appear on our website , measure traffic on our website , and improve our website and the services and features offered to MyAutoTrader.com users . We may share information we collect while you are using MyAutoTrader.com , including registration information , with our affiliates and with trusted third-party service providers who assist us in providing services . Social Networks When you use one of the social network sharing tools available on our website , we and the social network operating the tool may collect information about you based on such use . The social network 's use of that information will be subject to its own privacy policy , which may be different from this Privacy Statement . Content You Post to our Website If you choose to post content to any of the interactive areas of our website , such as discussion forums , comments fields and social media areas , please keep in mind that the information you post can be seen , collected and used by anyone who has access to those areas . You may also have the opportunity from time to time to respond to questions that we display to users of the website . If you choose to respond , your response may be published on an area of the website accessible to other users or the public . We are not responsible for any third-party use of such information . Cookies To help us tailor our website , and the tools and applications on our website , to the needs and interests of our visitors , we keep track of visitor interactions with our website through the use of cookies . Cookies are small text files stored on your browser when you use websites and applications . The " Help " function on most web browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable cookies entirely . However , if you do not accept cookies , you will not be able to take advantage of some features on our website that are available to other visitors . We use cookies to improve the user experience on our website by making it more responsive to the needs of our users , and to make it easier for us to recognize you when you return to our website . We also use cookies to analyze website performance and to measure advertising performance . Web Beacons To help us ( and in some cases our advertisers and third-party providers ) keep track of how many users are accessing particular pages or listings within our website , and to track how users respond to ads we place on third-party websites , we may place a small file , called a web beacon , on some of our pages and on some of the listings and ads we distribute . We may also place a web beacon in the emails we send to you . When you open one of our emails or click on links within these emails , we track this click-through data to help us determine your interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our communications to you . If you prefer not to be tracked in this way , you should not open these emails or click text or graphic links in the emails . Information about Your Computer or Device Our web server ( and/or any web server operated by our service provider ( s ) on our behalf ) automatically collects and may store limited information about your computer configuration when you visit our website , including the type of browser software you use , the operating system you are running , the resolution of your computer monitor , and your IP address . Your IP address is a numerical address that is used by computers connected to the Internet to identify your computer so that data ( such as the web pages you want to view ) can be transmitted to you . We also use IP address information for systems administration ( including fraud detection and prevention ) and troubleshooting purposes . We may also collect information about the website you were visiting before you came to our website and the website you visit after you leave our website . Combined Technology Information Cookies , beacons , information collected about your computer or device , and other data collection technologies ( " Data Technologies " ) may be used individually or in combination in order to provide and/or administer our services , to help us understand user behavior , to monitor website performance , optimize ads and measure advertising performance . Website Analytics We may collect , or have a third party collect on our behalf , data on how visitors use and navigate through the Websites , such as the number of users who visit various pages within the Websites , what they click on , whether they scroll up or down on particular pages , fill out forms , etc . We use this information to improve the Websites and learn about users , and may disclose it to our affiliates ( including , among others , the members of the AutoTrader Group , Inc. corporate family ) , or to third parties . Advertising AutoTrader.com has relationships with certain third-party advertising networks , Advertisers , and advertising services ( " Advertising Services " ) that collect data , target and serve some of the advertisements , promotions , or other marketing messages you see on our website and other websites and mobile applications , including websites owned and/or operated by our affiliates . Such Advertising Services may , including through processes that we do not control , use Data Technologies from third party companies to collect data from your activities on these websites , on other websites owned and/or operated by our affiliates , or with other websites . These technologies may be used to track user behavior , how our products and services are offered , conduct consumer research and possibly to serve you relevant ads and content . These companies may also obtain information , including personally identifiable information , from services you use from other companies , including without limitation , other websites , mobile websites or applications , and combine the information they obtain through these Data Technologies with information obtained through our products and services . Their collection and use of this data is subject to their own privacy policies . See " Use and Disclosure of Information " below for more information on opt out options . Ad Serving and Targeting We ( or a service provider acting on our behalf ) , our Advertising Services , our advertisers , and/or our third-party providers may use clickstream data collected using cookies , beacons , and/or browser level information to help us tailor the content of advertising , marketing , and promotional messages ( including , but not limited to , landing pages ) on this and other websites and mobile applications to the perceived interests of our users . For example , if you 've been viewing pages related to SUVs on our website , you are more likely to see ads about certain SUVs on our website and other websites . This clickstream data does not identify you personally and does not include your name , address , email address or telephone number , but it may include the IP address of your computer . Our Participation in the Industry Self Regulatory Program for Interest Based Ads ; Additional Choice Options AutoTrader.com supports the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising from the Digital Advertising Alliance , which regulates the practices relating to the collection of clickstream data . To opt out of our interest-based advertising program or to learn more about our data collection practices , please visit our AdChoices page , www.aboutads.info or www.evidon.com . Pages of our website that collect information that may be used by such advertising partners for interest-based advertising purposes are identified by a link to AdChoices on the page . When we present information to our advertisers - to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our website - it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our website . In some cases , to provide you with a customized experience and to enhance our services , we ( or third party service providers acting on our behalf ) may combine information ( including personally identifying information ) that we collect through our website with information about you and/or your computer from other sources , including offline interactions with us , public databases , and third parties . We may share this information with our affiliates , including AutoTrader Group , Inc. and any of their subsidiaries , so that we and they may provide you with information , products , and services that we believe may be of interest to you . Any credit card information you may provide to us is secured during transmission over the Internet using industry-standard Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) encryption ( See " Security , " below. )  We use your credit card information only to bill you for the products and services you order from us and to help detect and prevent fraud . We do not share your credit card information with anyone , except as may be necessary to process your transactions , detect and/or prevent fraud , or comply with law . To make our website more valuable to our visitors , we feature some products and services that come from other providers . Our finance , insurance , warranty , and inspection services , for example , are made available through cooperative arrangements with companies that specialize in providing such services . We share with these third parties such information as is necessary for them to provide the products or services . Our site includes links to other websites , and provides access to products and services offered by third parties , whose privacy policies we do n't control . When you access another website or purchase products or services or conduct other transactions through our website , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you 're visiting or the provider of such products or services . When you provide information in the course of obtaining products or services through our site , use of any information you provide may be governed by the privacy policy of the provider of those products or services . The provider 's privacy policy may differ from ours . If you ca n't find the privacy policy of any of our provider partners via a link either from their site 's homepage or from the pages on which the products or services are offered , you should contact the provider directly for more information . We may release or use information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with laws ; to respond to legal process or to a valid law enforcement request ; to enforce our Visitor Agreement ; or to protect the rights , property or safety of visitors to our website , our customers , the public or AutoTrader.com . As our business grows , we may buy or sell various assets . In the unlikely event that AutoTrader.com , Inc. , one of its business units , or substantially all of its assets is acquired by another company , information on our visitors would be among the transferred assets . If you choose to unsubscribe in response to an email message that we send on behalf of an advertiser , we will share your email address and opt-out instructions with the advertiser . Similarly , if we ask a third-party company to send its customers email offers on our behalf , we will share with that company ( or its agent ) a list of email addresses collected from website visitors who have opted out of our email program . We may allow others to search some of our databases ( our listings database , for example ) and to analyze the data they find there or aggregate it with other data , either for their business purposes , or ours . Though some of the information in our databases may be personally identifying ( such as the contact information included in a vehicle listing ) , we will only allow searches of the portions of our database that contain information that is otherwise publicly available on our website . When we use other companies to help us operate our website or improve the services we offer to you , we may provide them with information about our visitors that is necessary for them to perform their services . We require that these companies commit to use the information only to perform the services that we request . AutoTrader.com , Inc. takes commercially reasonable steps to ensure information we gather on our website is stored in a secure manner . Any credit card information you may provide us is secured for transmission over the Internet using industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption . While we work hard to protect your privacy , no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable , or invulnerable to attack , including your own , and the ones used to transmit your data to us . We can not and do not guarantee that our systems , or your information , will be secure . Any information you include in an actual vehicle listing is publicly available on the website and viewable by anyone with Internet access . This website is intended for use by visitors within the United States . If you reside outside the United States , please be aware that ( i ) our databases are stored on servers and storage devices located in the United States , ( ii ) your information ( including personal data ) may be transferred to the United States for processing and storage , and ( iii ) the United States , and the localities within the United States where our databases are located , may not guarantee the same level of protection for personal data as the locality or country in which you reside . By using our website , you expressly agree to our collection , use , disclosure , and transfer of your information ( including personal data ) for the purposes identified herein , and you consent to the transfer of such information outside of your country . Our website is not directed at or intended for children under 13 and we will not knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personally identifying information ; if you are under 13 , please do not provide any information about yourself on this website . If we need to change our privacy policy at some point in the future , we will post the revised Privacy Statement on this website together with an updated reference to its Effective date to reflect the date of the amendment . Your continued use of this website following the effective date of any such amendment shall be deemed to constitute your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Statement as amended . By visiting AutoTrader.com , you agree that your visit , and any dispute over privacy , is governed by this Privacy Statement and our Visitor Agreement . 
PRIVACY POLICY Last Updated and Effective : August 20 , 2012 This privacy policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) applies to the information collected by Sony Corporation of America ( SCA ) , both offline and online , including through www.sony.com and through any interactive features , applications , widgets , blogs , social networks and other online or wireless offerings that post a link to this Privacy Policy , whether accessed via computer , mobile device or other technology ( collectively , SCA Websites or Websites ) . Please note that when you enter any subsites accessible through www.sony.com , such subsites may have their own specific privacy policies . Additionally , the websites of affiliated Sony companies , including some that are linked to/from the SCA Websites , and internet domains that are linked to/from the SCA Websites , may have different policies ; therefore , please review the privacy policy notices on those websites if you visit them . This Privacy Policy explains the information that SCA may collect when you interact with us and our practices with respect to that information . Please read this Privacy Policy carefully . In addition , please review our Terms & Conditions , which govern your use of the SCA Websites . Notice to California Residents Your California Privacy Rights : If you are a California resident , you have the right to receive : ( a ) information identifying any third party ( ies ) to whom SCA may have disclosed , within the preceding calendar year , your personal information for that third party 's direct marketing purposes ; and ( b ) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed . To obtain such information free of charge , please write to us at Sony Corporation of America , 550 Madison Avenue , New York , New York 10022 , Attn : Legal Department , or submit your request to privacy @ sonyusa.com . SCA will respond to these requests within thirty ( 30 ) days . Requests that come to SCA by other means may result in a delayed response . TABLE OF CONTENTS 1 . Collection of Information Information You Provide To SCA Information SCA Collects Automatically Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies . Information SCA Receives From Third Parties Social Media Applications 2 . Uses of the Personal Information SCA Collects 3 . When and With Whom SCA May Share Information Collected 4 . Links To and SCA Content On Other Websites 5 . Security 6 . Consent to Processing 7 . Policy Governs Use : Changes to Privacy Policy 8 . Questions Information You Provide To SCA In General . While SCA does not generally require that you provide us with personally identifiable information in order to visit and use the SCA Websites , please note that in order to participate in some activities , such as sweepstakes , contests and other promotions ( collectively , Promotions ) and chat rooms or bulletin boards , we may ask you to provide information that could reasonably be used to contact you or to identify you personally ( such as first and last name , e-mail address , mailing address and telephone number ) ( " Personal Information " ) . We may also ask you to provide other information about yourself , such as demographic information ( such as gender , geographic region , age , etc. )  or certain information about your preferences and interests . If you choose not to provide such Personal Information or other information to us , you may not be able to participate in certain activities we offer . If we combine demographic or other information we collect about you with Personal Information about you , we will treat the combined information as Personal Information . Individuals Under 13 . The SCA Websites are open to all individuals , though some Promotions may have age restrictions . We do not knowingly collect or permit the collection , storage or use of any Personal Information from anyone under 13 . If you are a parent or guardian who knows or has discovered that your child under the age of 13 has submitted his or her Personal Information or other information without your consent , permission or authorization , upon request , we will promptly : ( a ) provide direct notice to you indicating what , if any , Personal Information of your child has been collected and how it has been used and/or disclosed ; ( b ) remove your child 's Personal Information or other information from our database , cease the use of such information and direct any other party with access to such information to do the same ; and ( c ) by notice to you , confirm compliance with the foregoing . For Promotions . We may offer opportunities to enter into Promotions that we offer , on our own or jointly with a third party . Such Promotions may require registration and the disclosure of both Personal Information and non-Personal Information . In the event that a Promotion is offered jointly with a third party , as a result of your participation in such Promotion , your Personal Information and non-Personal Information may be shared with such third party , which sharing we will disclose to you at the time you provide your information . By entering a Promotion , you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that Promotion , which may contain specific requirements of you , including , except where prohibited by law , allowing the sponsor and/or other third parties connected to the Promotion to use your name , voice and/or likeness in advertising and marketing materials . Therefore , always carefully read the rules of the Promotion before entering . Information SCA Collects Automatically In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to provide to us via the SCA Websites , whenever you visit or interact with the SCA Websites , SCA automatically collects certain information such as your IP address and/or another unique identifier ( " Device Identifier " ) for the computer , mobile device , technology or other device ( " Device " ) you use to access the SCA Websites and any referring website . ( A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a website or its servers . Our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. )  Some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third-party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the Device used to access the Websites . In addition , SCA , as well as certain third-party analytics and other service providers , may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how you use the SCA Websites ( " Usage Information " ) . Usage Information may include , in part , browser type , operating system , the page served , the time at which a page was accessed and/or the time spent on a page , and the preceding pages views . Usage Information is generally non-identifying , but if SCA associates it with you as a specific and identifiable person , we will treat it as Personal Information . Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies . The technologies used on the SCA Websites to collect Usage Information , including Device Identifiers , may include :  Cookies . " Cookies " ( which may be html files , Flash files or other technology ) are small text files that help store user preferences and activity . A Cookie is placed on a Device when it is used to visit the SCA Websites or otherwise access our online offerings . Cookies may be used for many purposes , such as remembering you and your preferences , tracking your visits to our web pages and customizing your SCA Website experience . If you choose to disable cookies on your Device , some features of our Websites or our online offerings may not function properly . Web Beacons . Web beacons ( also known as image tags , pixel tags , GIFS or web bugs ) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data , such as counting page views , promotion views or advertising responses . Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes , including , without limitation , to count visitors to the SCA Websites , to monitor how users navigate the SCA Websites , to count how many sent e-mails were actually opened or to determine whether content sent was actually viewed . Embedded Scripts . An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the SCA Websites , such as the links you click on . The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our server or a third party service provider , is active only while you are connected to the Websites , and is deactivated or deleted thereafter . Information SCA Receives From Third Parties SCA may receive information about you from third parties . In addition , if you are on another website and you opt-in to receive information from us , that website will forward to us your e-mail address and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested . We may also supplement the information we collect about you with outside records from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you , to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you . When we obtain Personal Information from third parties , we will apply this Privacy Policy to the Personal Information received , unless we have disclosed otherwise . Social Media Applications Functionality on the SCA Websites may permit interactions between such SCA Websites and a third-party website , such as enabling you to like a product or share content to third-party websites . If you choose to like or share content or to otherwise post information from or via the SCA Websites to a third-party website , feature or application , that information may become public and the third-party web site may have access to information about you and your use of the SCA Websites . You may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature ( such as one of our Facebook applications or a similar application or feature on a third-party website ) through which you allow us to collect and share ( or the third party to share ) information about you , including Personal Information . The third party may allow you to remove the application or feature , in which case we will no longer collect information about you through the application or feature , but we may retain the information previously collected . In addition , we may receive information about you if other users of a third-party website give us access to their profiles and you are one of their connections , or if information about you is otherwise accessible through your connections web page , profile page , or similar page on a social networking or other third-party website or interactive service . SCA will use the information it collects , including your Personal Information : to tailor your experience on the SCA Websites ; to determine which products and services we offer may be of interest to you ; to provide you with information about Promotions or other offerings that may be of interest to you ; to provide you with support and answer questions or other requests ; and for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide the Personal Information . We may also use the information we collect to improve the SCA Websites and our products and services , for internal business purposes , and to contact you with regard to your use of the SCA Websites and , in our discretion , changes to any of our policies . Non-Personal Information . We may share non-Personal Information , such as aggregate user statistics , demographic information , and Usage Information with third parties for a variety of purposes , including tailoring promotions , advertising and communications we present to you . Personal Information . We may also share your Personal Information , as specifically disclosed at the time you provide your Personal Information and in the following circumstances :  To Affiliates , Other Sony Companies and Third-Parties . To Affiliates and Other Sony Companies . SCA may share your Personal Information with companies affiliated with SCA ( Affiliates " ) , so that those Affiliates can ( i ) assist us with fulfilling your requests or improving our products , content , services or advertising ; and/or ( ii ) contact you about products , content , services or other offerings that may be of interest to you . For purposes of this Privacy Policy , Affiliates means Sony Corporation of America , any company with respect to which SCA owns , directly or indirectly , 50 % or more of its outstanding shares , and any company with the name " SONY " as a part of its trade name . To Third-Party Service Providers Providing Services On SCA 's Behalf . We may from time to time employ third parties to perform functions on our behalf , and thus , we may also share your Personal Information with third party service providers that assist us with providing content , fulfilling your requests , improving our products , content , services or advertising , or otherwise performing services for SCA . As one example , if you access content or services that are published , developed or supported by an Affiliate or third party , your Personal Information may be shared with that Affiliate or third party for purposes related to that content or those services , including service administration and/or development . Additionally , we may share your information in order to host or operate the SCA Websites , for data analysis purposes , and for the administration of Promotions , such as in connection with winner selection and prize fulfillment . When You Consent To Have Your Personal Information Shared or Otherwise Request That We Share Your Information . We may offer you the opportunity to consent to the sharing of your information with third parties . Such reasons include , without limitation , so that you are able to receive information and/or marketing offers from third parties . Additionally , you may request , sometimes through your use of an interactive feature or third- party application , that we share Personal Information about you with a third party , and we will typically do so in those circumstances . If you agree or request to have your Personal Information shared ( either by opting in , choosing not to opt-out or using a specific feature of the SCA Websites ) , your Personal Information will be disclosed to the applicable third party ( s ) and the Personal Information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of such third party ( s ) ; therefore , please consult the respective privacy policies of each third party . If you consent or request to receive communications from third parties , you will need to communicate with them directly if you later decide that you no longer wish to receive their communications . The provisions above apply to our sharing of Personal Information with Affiliates and third-party service providers . They do not cover use of Personal Information that those Affiliates and third-party service providers collect directly from you . Such use of Personal Information is covered by the relevant Affiliate 's and/or third party 's privacy policy and not this Privacy Policy . Business Transactions . We may share your Personal Information with other entities affiliated with us for internal reasons , primarily for business and operational purposes including any corporate reorganization , restructuring or other corporate change . In addition , SCA or any of its assets , including the SCA Websites , may be sold , or other transactions may occur in which your Personal Information is one of the key business assets in the transaction . In such a case , your Personal Information may be one of the business assets we transfer . Hence , SCA reserves the right to disclose and transfer user information , including Personal Information , in connection with any activity and/or transaction described above . Legal Protections and Law Enforcement . We may transfer and disclose information , including your Personal Information , Usage Information and Device Identifier ( including IP address ) , to third parties : ( i ) to comply with legal obligations ; ( ii ) when we believe in good faith that the law requires it ; ( iii ) at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation ; ( iv ) to verify or enforce our Terms & Conditions or other applicable policies ; ( v ) to respond to an emergency ; or ( vi ) to otherwise protect the rights , property , safety or security of third parties , visitors to the SCA Websites or the public . We may also use Device Identifiers to identify users , and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners , Internet service providers , wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies , in our discretion . Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you . The SCA Websites may contain links to other websites that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control . This includes links of advertisers , sponsors and partners that may use our logo ( s ) as part of a co-branding agreement . In addition , SCA content or widgets may be included on web pages and websites that are not associated with us and over which we have no control . These other websites may send their own cookies to your Device , and they may independently collect data or solicit Personal Information . A link from any SCA Website to any other website does not mean that Sony approves of , endorses , or recommends that website . SCA provides such links for your convenience and is not responsible for the content of any website linked to or from any SCA Website . Moreover , SCA is not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party , and it disclaims all warranties , express or implied , as to the accuracy , legality , reliability , or validity of any content on any other website . SCA uses commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information , and we use reasonable efforts to obtain the agreement of our Affiliates and third-party service providers to take steps to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of Personal Information we share with them . However , no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100 % private and secure . Please be careful to avoid phishing ' scams , where someone may send you an e-mail that looks like it is from SCA asking for your Personal Information . SCA will never request your Personal Information through e-mail . You understand that any message or information you send to a SCA Website may be read or intercepted by others . SCA does not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you use the SCA Websites and provide us with your information at your own risk . The SCA Websites are operated in the United States . If you are located in the European Union , Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States . By using the SCA Websites , or providing us with any information , you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer , processing and storage of your information in the United States , a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen . The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of any information collected while it is in place . SCA reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time , without prior notice to you , and any changes will become effective immediately upon posting . Your continued use of the SCA Websites after posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute acceptance of , and agreement to be bound by , those changes . Thus , please review this Privacy Policy periodically . If you have any questions or comments about our practices regarding Personal Information or about this Privacy Policy , please write to us at Sony Corporation of America , 550 Madison Avenue , New York , New York 10022 , Attn : Legal Department , or submit your request to privacy @ sonyusa.com . 
Effective as of January 15 , 2009 Forever 21 , Inc. , and its U.S. and Canadian retail affiliates , Forever 21 Retail , Inc. and Forever XXI , ULC ( collectively , " Forever 21 " ) , value our customers and visitors to our Websites and respect your concerns about the privacy of your personal information and data security . Our Privacy and Security Policy ( the " Privacy Policy " ) is intended to protect your privacy and provide you with a safe and secure experience in fashion , style and shopping . This Privacy Policy applies to our Websites hosted in the United States and Canada , namely , www.forever21.com and http : //canada.forever21.com ( collectively , the " Websites " ) , and to our fashion marketing and sales activities , including sales through our store locations , in the United States and Canada under our brands Forever 21 , Heritage 1981 , Twelve by Twelve , Reference , For Love 21 and Gadzooks . This Privacy Policy protects consumers providing information through our Websites and stores and is not designed to protect business information . By using our Websites or providing information to us at our stores , you consent to the collection and use of your personal information . In addition to reviewing our Privacy Policy , you should also read our Terms of Use for our Websites . Your use of our Websites constitutes your agreement to its terms and conditions . Because we continue to develop our Websites and take advantage of technologies to improve the services we provide , our policies will change over time . We encourage you to refer to this Privacy Policy from time to time to stay abreast of our most current privacy policy practices . If you are a registered user of our Websites , we may notify you by email of material changes to our Privacy Policy using the most current email address you have provided to us . Your continued access and use of our Websites will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to our Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy explains and summarizes how we collect , use and protect your personal information as you interact with us online and through our customer and technical support . This Privacy Policy explains :  What information Forever 21 gathers from users of our Websites . How Forever 21 uses the personal information that you share with us and that we learn about you because of our relationship . How Forever 21 uses " cookies " and " IP Addresses. "  What personal information , if any , Forever 21 may share about you with others and the conditions that protect your information if it must be shared . What kind of security measures Forever 21 takes to protect your information from loss or disclosure and how Forever 21 will inform you in the event of a security breach . The circumstances under which you can access your personal information you have shared with Forever 21 and have that information corrected , restrict Forever 21 's use of that information , and even have it removed from our records . Forever 21 collects information that you provide to us or that we learn about you from your use of our Websites or shopping at our stores . We receive and store information you enter on our Websites , provide to us at our stores , or give to us in any other way . For example , you may provide information to us when you register with our Websites , sign-in , search , add items to your shopping cart , pay for an item , participate in a survey , contest or promotion , apply for a job , request to receive our marketing materials , or communicate with Forever 21 's customer service . As a result of those actions , you might supply us with such information as your name , address , phone number , email address , payment card information , and personal shopping and product preferences . In applying for a job with us , you may provide to us your name , address , phone number , email address , previous work experience , references and other personal information about your background and experience . We also automatically receive and store certain types of information whenever you visit our Websites . We might also receive information about you from other sources , such as in providing you special offers that we think will be of interest , and we may add that information to our account information . We use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on this site . They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Web site , and your interaction with our products and services . They may also use information about your visits to this and other Web sites to target advertisements for goods and services . This anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag , which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites . No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process . They do not know the name , phone number , address , email address , or any personally identifying information about the user . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third party service provider , please click here . You can also read more about online marketing practices and the technologies that support them by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative website by clicking here . We use information we have collected about you to provide you with the very best shopping experience , the most current fashion clothing and accessories , and personal style news . We do not sell your personal information to third parties for any reason . We do not disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties , or to our affiliates , who may want to offer you their own products and services unless you have requested or authorized us to do so . We may share your personal information with third parties or affiliates of Forever 21 where it is necessary for us to complete a transaction you authorized or perform some other activity you have asked us to do . We may share your personal information with third parties or affiliates of Forever 21 with whom we have contracted to perform services on our behalf . All companies that act on our behalf are contractually obligated to keep the personal information we provide to them confidential and to use the personal information we share only to provide the services we ask them to perform . We may disclose personal information about our customers as permitted or required by law , such as in connection with a subpoena or similar legal process , or in connection with a merger , acquisition or bankruptcy , as discussed further below . We may disclose information about you to protect against fraud and other crimes and to enforce our contracts with you . We try to provide you with the information you need to make informed reasonable choices with respect to how our Websites uses or shares your information . Forever 21 collects and uses personal information from you in several ways :  Website usage . Forever 21 or Forever 21 's authorized service providers may observe activities , preferences and transactional data ( such as your IP address , browser type and operating system ) relating to your use of our Websites . We may use this collected or logged information in order to provide better service , to facilitate our customers ' use of the website , to track usage of the website , and to address security hazards . Forever 21 , or one of Forever 21 's authorized service providers , may use this information to track aggregate traffic patterns throughout our Websites for Forever 21 's internal analysis . Online Transactions.We collect information about you when you shop on our website . You may visit our site without registering , but if you wish to add merchandise to your shopping cart , create a wish list or use other special features offered on our site , you will need to provide us with certain information , including your name , address , phone number and email address , to open an account with us . We will assist you in creating a user id and a password to protect your account information . Similarly , if you wish to apply online for a job position with us , you will be required to submit relevant information about your background and experience . Store Transactions . We collect information about you when you purchase merchandise in our stores or sign-up in our stores to receive our marketing materials or apply for a job . Our internal data security policies restrict access to customers ' personal information to authorized employees . Authorized employees may use our customers ' personal information for Forever 21 business purposes only . Our employees are bound by Forever 21 policies that require them to maintain the confidentiality of our customers ' personal information . Employees who violate these requirements are subject to disciplinary action , up to and including termination . We maintain physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that are designed to guard our customers ' personal information . For example , for the security of your online visit to our Websites , we may make use of firewall barriers , encryption techniques and/or authentication procedures . Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure . As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , Forever 21 can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk . In the event of a breach of the confidentiality or security of your personal information , we will notify you as necessary and to the extent possible so you can take appropriate protective steps . Unless you indicate otherwise , we may notify you under such circumstances using the email address you provided to us when you registered with our Websites . We may use " cookies " to collect or log certain information . A cookie is a small piece of information that a website stores on a personal computer and which it can later retrieve . We may use cookies for some administrative purposes , for example , to store our customers ' preferences for certain kinds of products or to store a password so that you do not have to input it every time you visit our website . The cookies will not contain information that will enable anyone to contact our customers via telephone , email , or any other means . If our customers are uncomfortable with the use of cookie technology , they can set their browsers to refuse cookies . Certain of our services , however , could be dependent on cookies and our customers may disable those services by refusing cookies . Our Websites may contain links to third party sites . Please be aware , however , that Forever 21 is not responsible for and can not control the privacy policies of these other sites or their practices . We encourage you to read the privacy policies for these other sites , as they may differ from ours . This Privacy Policy applies solely to personal information collected by Forever 21 . You have choices when it comes to how Forever 21 uses your personal information . When you register online with our Websites or sign-up in our stores , you can choose not to receive information about merchandise , services and special promotional offers from us by direct mail and/or email . If you elect not to receive such product marketing information by direct mail or email , Forever 21 may continue to contact you as necessary to service your account and process your transactions . You can change your preferences by following the instructions for opting out at the end of the marketing email , or by following the instructions for Account Information on the Websites or by contacting Customer Service at www.forever21.com/customerservice , or calling in the U.S. or Canada 1-888-494-3837 ( EVER ) ( - Toll Free ) . Keeping your account information accurate and up to date is very important so we can provide you with excellent service . If your account information is incomplete , inaccurate or not current , please follow the instructions for My Account on our Websites to correct or update your account information online , or you may contact Customer Service at www.forever21.com/customerservice or call in the U.S. or Canada 1-888-494-3837 ( EVER ) ( - Toll Free ) . If you need additional assistance or wish more information about our privacy practices , please call in the U.S. or Canada 1-888-494-3837 ( EVER ) ( - Toll Free ) and ask to speak to our Privacy Officer . Our Websites are hosted in the United States and are intended for United States and Canadian visitors . This Privacy Policy applies to customer relationships established in the United States and Canada . Parts of this Privacy Policy may not apply to visitors outside the United States and Canada . Like almost every website , our Websites may be accessed by an international audience . If you are a non-U.S. visitor to our website , by visiting our website and providing us with data , you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy . In addition , such data may be stored on servers located in the United States , which may have less stringent privacy practices than those your own resident jurisdiction . By providing us with your data , you consent to transfer of such data . If Forever 21 should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company , or if Forever 21 should decide to buy another business , or sell or reorganize part or all of Forever 21 's business , Forever 21 may be required to disclose your personal information to prospective or actual purchasers and other parties . It is Forever 21 's practice to obtain appropriate protections for information disclosed in these types of transactions . Forever 21 can not , however , guarantee that Forever 21 's Privacy Policy will remain unchanged if Forever 21 is sold or merges with another company . Children are not eligible to use our Websites . We ask that minors ( under the age of 18 ) only use our Websites in conjunction with your parents or guardians . Children under 13 years of age should not send any information about themselves to Forever 21 . If a child under 13 submits information through any part of our Websites , and Forever 21 becomes aware that the person submitting the information is a child , we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible . Because we do not knowingly collect any personal information about children under 13 , we do not use or disclose such information to third parties . You should be careful to maintain the secrecy of your passwords and/or account information and be responsible about protecting your personal information and identity whenever you are online . Forever 21 , Heritage 1981 , Twelve by Twelve , Reference , For Love 21 and Gadzooks , and www.Forever21.com and http : //Canada.forever21.com are tradenames and/or trademarks of Forever 21 , Inc. and its affiliates . Forever21.com Canada.forever21.com Forever 21 , Inc . Forever 21 Retail , Inc . Forever XXI , ULC 3880 N. Mission Rd. Los Angeles , CA 90031 213-741-5100 ( office ) 213-741-8995 ( fax )  
Privacy Statement CVS Caremark 's Privacy Commitments Effective Date : November 30 , 2012 . At CVS Caremark , we are committed to ensuring your privacy . This commitment guides our decisions about how , where , and when to collect and share your personally identifiable information . Our goal is to provide you with clear , easy-to-read explanations about our information practices in one place . This explanatory information applies throughout our businesses and across our websites , mobile apps and social media presences for cvs.com , caremark.com , cvscaremark.com and minuteclinic.com ( " Our Sites " ) . We welcome your questions and feedback about our Privacy Policy or our privacy commitments , and invite you to Contact Us . As part of our privacy commitment to you , we want to share with you the basic components of our Privacy Policy :  Transparency . We will make our privacy commitments easy to find and easy to read . Notice . We will notify you of changes to our Privacy Policy before they take effect . Choice . You have choices about what information you provide to CVS and how CVS Caremark will use your information for marketing purposes . Security . We will use state of the art security safeguards to protect your privacy and the data entrusted to us . Control . We will not sell your personal information to anyone , for any purpose . And when we share information with our subsidiaries or trusted service providers , they too must comply with our privacy commitments . Accessibility . We will listen to your feedback and answer your questions about our Privacy Policy , commitments , and practices . We recognize the trust you place in us to safeguard your privacy . Our privacy commitments are and will remain a fundamental part of our business , and will apply to everyone who has a relationship with CVS Caremark , including patients , customers , and visitors to Our Sites . These commitments may well grow as our business grows and we develop new ways to interact with you , but rest assured that we will keep you informed about these changes through our updated policies . The CVS Caremark Privacy Policy CVS Caremark Sites and Mobile Apps are owned and operated by the CVS Caremark Corporation . This Privacy Policy describes the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used . Our Privacy Policy applies to the information collected on Our Sites and to any other information that CVS Caremark collects about you . For information about the privacy of your personal health information , please review the CVS Caremark Notice of Privacy Practices . By using Our Sites , you signify your consent to our collection , use , and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy . If you do not agree with the practices described in this Privacy Policy , please do not use Our Sites . CVS Caremark may collect different types of personal or other information when you visit Our Sites , when you place orders with us , and in other circumstances described in this Privacy Policy . Some examples of the information we collect include :  Contact Information , which we use for contacting you regarding your orders or for services which may be of interest to you ; Billing Information necessary for your financial relationship with us , including payment method data you store with us for the completion of orders ; Personal Health Information necessary for filling prescription orders from CVS Caremark . We may also collect Personal Health Information while providing you services at CVS MinuteClinic . This information is also protected under our Notice of Privacy Practices ; Technical Information relating to your use of our Sites or mobile apps . CVS Caremark collects information in four primary ways : When you provide us with information when you purchase or interact with us about products or services offered by CVS Caremark ; When you register as a user of a CVS Caremark Site ; When we collect technical information automatically when you visit Our Sites ; and When we obtain information about you from your employer or health care plan in connection with your prescription orders . CVS Caremark may use the information we collect in a variety of ways to enhance our customers ' experiences , including to : Process your orders for products or services ; Improve customer services ; Respond to your questions ; Deliver you customized content , advertising and savings that may be of interest to you ; Communicate with you regarding updates , offers , and promotions ; Monitor and ensure Site integrity and security ; Investigate , prevent , or take action relating to illegal activities , violations of our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy ; and Aggregate non-identifiable information for business analysis . We collect information about your activity on Our Sites and through our advertisements using technologies such as cookies , including third-party cookies , web beacons and server log files . We and our third party business partners use this automatically generated information , as well as other information that we or they have , to provide you with an optimal website experience . This includes measuring the effectiveness of our ads and your interactions them , and tailoring offers and advertisements to you for products or services you may find helpful on Our Sites and third-party sites . Our Sites may also contain third-party cookies from advertising partners who help serve ads for CVS Caremark and other third parties on Our Sites and elsewhere on the web . To opt-out of these type of cookies , visit the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) website by clicking here . Remember that even if you opt-out through the NAI website , you can still receive tailored offers through your CVS ExtraCare savings and rewards program , which can be accessed through mycvs.com . CVS Caremark will only share your personal information in manners described within this Privacy Policy . We do not sell your personal information to anyone for marketing purposes . With CVS Caremark Companies : CVS Caremark and its subsidiaries may share your personally identifiable information with one another to ensure that your experiences as a customer or user of CVS Caremark Sites is as seamless and enjoyable as possible . With Third Party Companies : In limited circumstances , CVS Caremark may share your personally identifiable information with third party companies to provide you with technologies , services , or content that may be of interest to you , or to assist us in fulfilling your orders . In all instances in which CVS Caremark shares your personally identifiable information , we require that the recipient agrees to protect it in a manner consistent with this privacy policy . In Other Circumstances : CVS Caremark may share your information in other limited circumstances , including : Responding to requests from law enforcement officials or judicial authorities or to otherwise cooperate with authorities pursuant to a legal matter ; Responding to matters of personal or public safety ; In litigation , investigations , and other legal matters where the data is pertinent ; To investigate security incidents ; In the event of the sale or transfer of CVS Caremark or of some of our assets , or in the context of similar business negotiations . We also collect technical , non-personal information about Site users . CVS Caremark may also remove personally identifiable information to create anonymous data . This data can not be used to identify any individual , and we will not attempt to re-identify later or allow others to do . CVS Caremark uses and shares this data for historical , statistical , or business planning purposes . CVS Caremark Sites are not intended or designed to attract users under the age of 13 . We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we know to be under the age of 13 . We instruct users under the age of 13 not to send any information to CVS Caremark through our Sites . We maintain industry standard security measures , including SSL encryption , to protect sensitive data such as when it is stored by CVS Caremark and when you send it to us . We ask all third parties acting on our behalf to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to implement comparable data protection and security policies . We maintain personal information for registered Site users in accordance with our Records Retention Policy and Procedure , and you have the right to change your membership information or status at any time . You have the ability to review , modify , or request the removal of personal information we collect about you . Certain information may be retained , however , to satisfy legal obligations . You may choose to limit the types and frequency of communications you receive from CVS Caremark . You may choose to end your relationship with CVS Caremark at any point . We collect information , including personal contact information , education and work history , as well as Social Security numbers in order to process and consider your application . Your application information will not be sold to unaffiliated third-parties for marketing purposes . The information on your application may be shared with background services and our affiliates and used for certain regulatory , compliance and legal purposes . Any changes in our Privacy Policy will be prominently posted on the CVS Caremark Privacy Site so that you are aware of any changes in the data we collect and how we use it . If you register and provide us with a valid email address , we will notify you by email of any significant changes to this Privacy Policy . You will be given the opportunity to opt in to any significant new uses of personal information if that information was collected prior to the change in this policy . If you do not opt in to any significant new uses of your personal information , that information will continue to be governed by the policy in effect at the time your information was collected . If you do not register , we will not have your email address and can not provide you with any notifications of Privacy Policy changes . In some circumstances , CVS Caremark 's use of your information will also be subject to the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ( frequently referred to as ' HIPAA ' ) . For example , when you are submitting personal health information for prescription refills , or you provide information to during a visit to the MinuteClinic or through the Patient Center My Records at MinuteClinic.com , we are subject to the requirements of HIPAA . In these circumstances , the terms of CVS Caremark 's HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices will apply . If you have questions about which policy applies to information you have provided us , please do not hesitate to Contact Us , or call us toll-free at ( 888 ) 607-4287 . Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , California customers are entitled to request information relating to whether a business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . As explained elsewhere in this Privacy Policy , CVS Caremark will not sell or transfer your personal information with third party companies for their direct marketing purposes without your consent . California customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with this statute or who have questions more generally about our Privacy Policy and our privacy commitments to our customers and Site users should not hesitate to Contact Us , or call us toll-free at ( 888 ) 607-4287 . 
Privacy Policy Effective Date : April 24 , 2013 CafePress values the users of our website ( the " Website " ) . Your privacy and trust are very important to us . We recognize that you may be concerned about our collection , use , and disclosure of the personally identifiable information ( " Personal Information " ) that we collect when you use the Website and the services offered on the Website ( " CafePress Services " ) . This Privacy Policy describes the information that we collect from you , how we collect this information , and what we do with it after we collect it . By using the Website you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy . If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us at privacy @ cafepress.com . We may make changes to the Privacy Policy from time to time . We will notify you of any material changes by sending you an email , posting a notice on the home page of the Website , or posting a notice in your account when you first login after we have made changes . If you receive notification of a change in our Privacy Policy , you must review the new Privacy Policy carefully to make sure you understand our practices and procedures . You may not be able to receive notices from us if your cookies are not set to accept and/or are disabled . Personal Information . We collect Personal Information that you provide to us , such as your name , mailing address , phone number , email address , credit card number , and financial information . Non-Personal Information . We also collect non-personal information from you , such as your browser type , the URL of the previous website you visited , your ISP , operating system , and your Internet protocol ( IP ) Address ( " Non-Personal Information " ) . Non-Personal Information can not be easily used to personally identify you . Providing Information to Us . We collect Personal Information from you when you provide it to us . For example , if you purchase a product , we may collect your name , mailing address , telephone number , credit card number , and email address . If you create a Content Owner Account , we may collect your name , tax identification number , mailing address , email address , and other information that we request during the registration process , and any information that you provide on your CafePress storefront . If you sign up to receive a newsletter , we will collect your email address . Communications With Us . If you communicate with us regarding the Website or the CafePress Services , we will collect any information that you provide to us in any such communication . Analytic and Reporting Technologies . Like the operators of most websites , we use analytic and reporting technologies to record Non-Personal Information such as Internet domain and host names , Internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser software , operating system types , clickstream patterns , and the dates and times that the Website and the CafePress Services are accessed . We also contract with several online partners to help manage , monitor and optimize our Website and the CafePress Services and to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising , communications and how visitors use the Website . To do this , we may use web beacons and cookies . Signing In via Social Network Account . CafePress may allow you to sign in to a CafePress website or application using a social networking account , such as a Facebook account . These social networking sign-on features may also enable you to create an account more easily by prepopulating our registration form with the information you provided to the social networking site . Typically , the first time you use one of these sign-on services , the social networking site will inform you of the information that will be shared with CafePress . We may use that information for purposes described in this Privacy Policy . To learn more about what information the social networking site collects when you use it to sign in to our website or application , please refer to the privacy policy for that social networking site . Personal Information . We use Personal Information primarily for our own internal purposes , such as providing , maintaining , evaluating , and improving the CafePress Services and the Website , fulfilling requests for information , producing and shipping the products that you order , and providing customer support . For example , if you create a Content Owner Account , we will use the information that you provide us to communicate with you and pay you any royalties that you earn . Similarly , if you sign up to receive a CafePress newsletter , we will use the email address you provide to send you the newsletters . Non-Personal Information . We use Non-Personal Information to track the use of the Website and the CafePress Services and for other internal purposes , such as providing , maintaining , evaluating , and improving the CafePress Services and the Website . Disclosure to Successors . We may disclose your Personal Information to any successor-in-interest of ours , such as a company that acquires us . In the event CafePress goes through a business transition , such as a merger or acquisition by or with another company , or sale of all or a portion of our assets , your Personal Information will likely be among the assets transferred . You will be notified via email or by a notice on our Website of any such change in ownership or control of your Personal Information . Disclosure to Unaffiliated Third Parties . We may disclose your Personal Information to prevent an emergency , to prevent harm to others , to respond to legal requirements , to protect or enforce our rights and policies , to protect or enforce the rights of a third party , or as required or permitted by law ( including , without limitation , to comply with a subpoena or court order ) . In particular , if you are a Content Owner , we may disclose your information to a third party that alleges that you have infringed their intellectual property rights through the products sold through your Shop . Similarly , if you allege that a Content Owner is infringing upon your intellectual property rights , we may disclose your information to that Content Owner . Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers and Online Partners . We may contract with various third parties who help us provide , maintain and improve the Website and the CafePress Services . For example , we use a third party to process payments made to us , and may subcontract out production , fulfillment , analytics , reporting or other operations . We also contract with several online partners to help manage , monitor and optimize our Website and the CafePress Services and to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising , communications and how visitors use the Website . We will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent such third parties from disclosing your Personal Information , except for the purpose of providing the services in question . We can not guarantee that such third parties will not disclose your Personal Information . CafePress does not share , rent or trade your Personal Information with third parties for their promotional purposes . Disclosure to Content Owners . If you purchase a product from a Shop , CafePress may provide your name , and the city and state information provided by you to the Content Owner . In the Content Owner Agreement , CafePress contractually obligates each Content Owner not to use or disclose this information for any purposes other than internal record keeping , and for marketing their Shops , only if you have opted in to receive marketing material directly from the Content Owner . We can not guarantee all Content Owners will comply with this obligation . Disclosure of Non-Personal Information . We will disclose Non-Personal Information , in aggregate form , to potential strategic partners , advertisers , investors , customers , and others . You may not opt-out of the sharing of this information . However , it can not be easily used to identify you personally . Internet Advertising . We may use third party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on the Website . They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Website , and your interaction with our products and services . They may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services . This anonymous information is collected through the use of a web beacon , which is industry standard technology used by most major websites . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third party service providers , please click here . A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer . Most websites use cookies . We use cookies to track your use of the Website and the CafePress Services , provide you with a more personalized user experience , and to allow you to login and begin use of the CafePress Services automatically when you visit the Website . A web beacon is an often-transparent graphic image , usually no larger than a 1x1 pixel that is placed on a web page or in an e-mail that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the Website or receiving the e-mail . Cookies and web beacons used by CafePress and our online partners are not linked to Personal Information . Some of our Content Owners may use cookies or web beacons on our Website . We have no access to or control over these cookies and web beacons . This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies and web beacons by CafePress and our online partners only and does not cover the use of cookies or web beacons by any other third party , Content Owner or advertiser . Personal Information . Whenever we obtain your Personal Information , we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect it from unauthorized access or disclosure . However , we are not insurers of the security of your Personal Information . Accordingly , we assume no liability for any disclosure of data due to errors in transmission , unauthorized third party access or other acts of third parties , or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control . Website Content . The content that you store , post , or transmit on or through the Website , such as message board postings , storefront pages , and images on your Products , may be accessed by other users , including people that you do not know . We are not responsible for the actions of others . Therefore , you should use care in communicating with other users and only disclose your Personal Information to other users that you know to be trustworthy . You should not assume that your content will be kept private . You can obtain a copy of and request that we correct errors in your Personal Information by emailing us at privacy @ cafepress.com . For your protection , you will be required to provide proof of your identity to obtain a copy of your Personal Information . If your Personal Information changes or if you no longer want to use the CafePress Services , you may correct , update or deactivate your Personal Information and/or your account through the account management screen . If you would like to deactivate or terminate your account you can also contact Customer Service . The security of your Personal Information is important to us . When you enter sensitive information such as a credit card number and/or social security number on our registration or order forms , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) . We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it . However , no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure . Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information , we can not guarantee its absolute security . Given that the Internet is a global environment , using the Internet to collect and process Personal Information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis . By providing CafePress with your Personal Information you acknowledge and agree that we may store your Personal Information and transfer it to and from our servers located in the United States and throughout the world . We endeavor to protect all Personal Information collected through the Website in a safe , confidential and secure manner . You may be able to access third party websites directly from the Website . This Privacy Policy does not apply when you access third party websites . We can not control how third parties may use Personal Information you disclose to them , so you should carefully review the privacy policy of any third party website you visit before using it or disclosing your Personal Information to its provider . Under Thirteen . The CafePress Services are intended for users ages 13 and older only . Accordingly , we will not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from children that we know to be under the age of 13 . In addition , we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a child under the age of 13 . Thirteen to Seventeen . Prospective users between the ages of 13 and 17 can only use the CafePress Services under their parents or legal guardian 's supervision . If you are between the ages of 13 and 17 , you , your parent , or your legal guardian may request that we deactivate any of your Personal Information in our database and/or opt-out from receiving communications from us . If you wish to do so , please contact us at privacy @ cafepress.com . We provide you the opportunity to opt-out of having your Personal Information used for certain purposes . For example , if you purchase a product/service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us , you can indicate your preference on our order form . If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters and promotional communications , you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at privacy @ cafepress.com . We also offer you an opportunity to opt-out of certain communications through the account management screen . If you need assistance you may contact us at privacy @ cafepress.com ; Customer Service ; or via mail sent to 1850 Gateway Drive , Suite 300 , San Mateo , CA 94404 . If we disclose your Personal Information to a third party in a manner that is not set forth in this Privacy Policy you will be notified so that you can make an informed choice about sharing your Personal Information with that third party . top If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by CafePress and its related companies to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . With respect to these entities , this privacy policy applies only to their activities within the State of California . To make such a request , please send an email to privacy @ cafepress.com or write us :  CafePress Inc . Attn . Legal CA Privacy 1850 Gateway Drive , Suite 300 San Mateo , CA 94404 
